[snorts]
>> Mhm.
>> All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful
Is it a Wednesday? It's a Wednesday,
guys. You know, it's It's difficult to
know
what day it is these days.
It's difficult to know what day it is
these days, guys. Especially if you're
in crypto, every day kind of blends
together.
Man, we are in a $500,000 short trade,
half a milli
on the position right here, baby.
Half a milli on the position.
Let's see. Of course, this is just I've
just added to the trades that we've been
in since the 10th of May when I told the
Casper Crew that we're taking a short.
And again, [music] on the 14th of May
when I told the Casper Crew I was taking
the short trade. And of course, we're
still in the longs that I told the
Casper Crew I was entering back on the
18th
of May. And so, we're well positioned in
the Casper Crew.
We are well positioned regardless of
what happens. But right now,
we are in a $500,000 short trade as the
Bitcoin price is attempting to change
market structure right here. You can see
we are attempting to change the
structure. We are attempting to make a
new high. Hang on, treadmill
malfunction.
Let's check this baby out here.
Um
Treadmill malfunction. We are attempting
to change the market structure, guys.
And if we do, we could get a big pump.
But if we don't, we could come and make
another low with this fatty $500,000
position. Big shout to everybody in the
chat. All right, it's a Wednesday. Shout
out to Shark Vince.
Shout out to
Spank Mapleton who says, "Will the stock
market ever dump?" Look, at some point
it will. But here's the thing, the the
the stock market is absolutely
uh just something that the rich elite
people who control the money use to pump
their own bags, all right? So, yeah, at
some point it will dump. At some point
the whole system will collapse. But
until the system collapses, the stock
market will continue to go up. And it'll
have a few dumps here and there. You
know, we'll have our COVID-19s here and
there and our 2008 housing bubble
collapses here and there, but in
general, no, it'll keep going up forever
until the whole system collapses.
All right.
Um big shout out to Splashfire Films.
Bless you all.
Splash Crypto Coons and everyone else
holding it down with the wrench, the
moderators in here. Big shout out to
Chris Swimmer. God bless you, man.
Shout out to Jesse Gellick. God bless
you, bro. Shout out to Tank Wiper.
Big shout out to
Casper 9383. 12-minute and smaller time
frames does have bear div. They do. And
we have just gotten a CDW. Big shout out
to MMMMMMM Leebad, aka Sudeep. Big shout
out to Salty TA.
Yes, the lunch break is almost over. The
New Yorkers
are done with their lunches in about 7
minutes.
They've gone out to get their pizza.
They've gone out to get their bagels
that they eat for lunch. They've stocked
up on the seed oils, the saturated fats,
the simple carbohydrates, the processed
carbs, the glyphosate.
And they're ready to come back over here
and start hitting that
>> [laughter]
>> sell button cuz we're shorting Bitcoin
straight down to zero, baby.
We're shorting Bitcoin straight down to
zero.
Big shout out to IPP Crypto.
IPP Crypto, I Poopoo Crypto.
Doesn't matter as long as it's coming
out one side or the other.
Big shout out to THR Tiger.
Um
Big shout out to Vision Post Fat Boy.
Big shout out to Bryce Workman.
Pump the jam, dump it
up. It's annoying. It keeps pumping.
Big shout out to Praj Wall 8880 880.
Shout out to Yam Malkerkoff
and J Davis.
The giggity da dope sound. All All
Now,
here's the thing, guys.
Here is the thing. Let's talk about the
thing. First of all,
there is big news today. Big news today,
guys. Kline Funding.
As you know, I partnered with Kline
Funding, a crypto prop firm.
This crypto prop firm does have 15%
discounts if you use my link. However,
right now, they are in the process of
giving away five
$50,000 funded accounts.
All right, they're giving away $250,000.
Kline Funding giving away $250,000.
The only thing you need to do to be
eligible for this giveaway is you have
to have had in the past or presently
a funded account using my link. So, if
you want a chance to win a $50,000
funded account, all you got to do is
sign up to one of these accounts here.
I have 15% discounts in the description
for these accounts.
All right, so it is a hefty uh
investment for a chance to win, but
we're going to be giving away five
$50,000 accounts. If you're into prop
firms, it's a pretty cool thing. Now,
in addition to this, guys, U bit
is doing a $1,000 giveaway. All right.
U bit's doing a $1,000 giveaway. So,
we're giving away $251,000.
All you need to do to be eligible for
the U bit giveaway, guys, is have an
account
using my link in the description in the
pinned comment. If you sign up to U bit
using my link, you get instant VIP fees
and upgrade, all these deposit bonuses,
which I'm pretty sure do require KYC.
But, what doesn't require KYC are the
fees, very low, and the chance to win
the $1,000 giveaway.
Now,
that that is out of the way,
big shout out to Juan Estrada in the
chat. God bless you, my bro. Big shout
out to Sam Jan. Did I close my long? As
I said, no, I didn't close my long.
Guys,
I'm going [snorts] to be totally honest
with you.
I have been flopping and groping today.
all right?
I took a scalp long trade this morning
during the New York open live stream.
I accidentally closed it all
instead of closing half as the price
came up to this level right here.
I closed it all instead of closing half
by accident and instead of shorting
I was trying to short. In fact, I even
had in my Discord locked and loaded chat
ready to go
that I was about to take a short trade.
Look at this.
Look at this, guys, in my dang Discord.
I had it ready to go. I've taken a short
scalp here. Instead of shorting, I
accidentally added to my long.
I accidentally added to my long trade
which ruined my entry.
All right? Totally ruined my entry.
Gave me a massive position size for the
long trade that I was in from just below
76,000.
So, yes, I'm still long, but I have
totally like flopped and groped today a
lot. Uh just pushing the wrong buttons.
I I feel like my brain's a little bit
foggy today.
It might be the hair. Actually, I
actually do know what it is. I didn't
sleep well last night cuz the kids were
in the room
waking us up.
So, I'm I'm I'm a little bit
absent-minded today, but yes, I'm still
in the long trade.
All right, I've got $750,000
in it.
But right now we're trying to short
Bitcoin to zero because if we dump down,
if we dip, grip, and rip, I'm still
looking for a bounce, baby. I'm right
now I'm looking for
Looking for a drop
and then a poomperoni.
Poomperoni.
Sounds like an Italian name.
Hello, my name is Jay Poomperoni.
This is Jay Poomperoni, attorney at law.
If you or your loved one
have been hurt by the market makers
Wow, look at this crazy green candle
glitch on
>> [laughter]
>> Is that
Wow.
If you or a loved one has been injured
by a market maker,
you can call our law office, J
Pumparoni.
We do have interesting stuff happening
here on the order flow.
J Pumparoni, let's discuss what's
happened here.
So, first of all, let's talk about
today's price action, all right? Cuz we
are trading right according to plan.
The two trades given this morning in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord, the long trade
coming down
to this zone just below 76.9,
which we did take live in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord this morning. I told
everyone I've taken the trade when we
touched 76.947 and 70 cents.
All right? And then we're also looking
for the short from up here. So far, that
is happening exactly according to plan.
Exactly according to plan.
Let's talk about why that happened.
Now, first of all, this morning, when we
come to the chart, what are we seeing
here? Let's zoom out. Let's go to the
4-hour time frame.
The Bitcoin price, and let's let's clean
off Let's clean this chart off, all
right?
We got to make it clean.
Bam. [music]
The Bitcoin price right now is back
testing this macro value area high.
This is a pretty significant support
right here, guys.
Now, as we come down to test the value
area high,
we do have some decently bullish
divergences here, which is why
I've been taking the long I've been in
long since the 18th of May.
All right?
Now, we have some pretty significant
bullish divergence down here. You see
the money flow is getting thicker here.
The momentum waves are getting thicker
here.
And so, here's what's happened. From the
time
that we made this low, if we take a look
at the local range that we've been
trading right near right near right
here, we pull the range, bam.
All right?
Actually, let's pull it from here.
Actually, let's not even pull that at
all. The reason why we're getting a
bounce this morning is because
we came down to the Fibonacci golden
pocket right here.
And also, we just dipped into the VWAP
and we had some single prints that got
filled. Basically, we had a big old pump
overnight. This one-hour candle,
right? And so, what did we do? We came
and we filled the fair value gap. We
filled the single prints. And then we
got a bounce. Now, as we're getting the
bounce, why did we get a rejection from
up here? Simply because we came up to
the range high and we got a stop hunt at
77 726, exactly as we planned for this
morning in the Casper Crew VIP Discord.
Take the liquidity and drop it, baby.
All right?
Now, that is currently what's happening
right now.
If we can reclaim 77 726, and I'd say a
little bit more than that. We do have a
zone.
We have a zone. Our zone is going to be
this here, this box
of this previous support resistance
play. If we reclaim this box, guys, that
is a really nice flip of market
structure back to being bullish.
Right? We pull this box back even more,
we can clearly see how important this
is. We flip this box. I'd say, guys, the
the highest probability of palm flipping
the box
>> [music]
>> is that we go for these highs here.
All right? We squeeze all the way up and
we come all the way up to
roop doop scoop-y doop doop doop doop-y
doop doop doop-y doop day
to the macro Fibonacci golden pocket not
on log scale
from 97k to the low.
This is what we're looking at, guys. All
right? If we reclaim the box here,
we are looking for a move all the way
back up to the Fibonacci golden pocket.
All right?
In addition, if we pull this, the volume
of the range after we reclaim macro
value area high, we are currently
holding the POC of the range.
If we pull it from over here,
we are currently below the value area
low.
But that value area low is in confluence
with our box, which just adds credence
to the fact that if these ultra bullish
divergences play out, we're going up to
83 at the very lowest,
>> [music]
>> potentially 86 macro value area low.
Now,
what if we cannot change market
structure here? What if what if this
is simply just a back test, liquidity
grab, double top, and we come lower?
Then what? Then what?
I'll tell you guys what.
All right, I will tell you guys what.
When we start to look at these time
frames, when we start to look at the
4-hour time frame,
when we start to look at the 5-hour time
frame,
when we start to look at the 6-hour time
frame, when we start to look at the
8-hour time frame, what are we seeing?
We are seeing huge bottoms.
All right, big bottoms. They're big.
They're big. They're big bottoms. Not
only are they big bottoms,
but we're forming big old left butt
cheeks here. All right? BLBs, as they're
called. BLB, big left butt cheek.
All right, you got the BLB on the chart.
The BLB on the chart.
And if we come down to make another low,
these BLBs
will start giving us SRBs, small right
butt cheeks,
giving us ultra bullish divergences as
we come down to
again, a pretty significant support. And
remember, if we pull this range back to
here,
the value area low is coming in around
75.5, okay?
So, one more trippity droop drop down is
going to be giving us some pretty
significant bullish divergence.
We take out the liquidity here.
We form the bullish divergence, and
then,
honestly, I'd say our target is still
the same. It would actually be an even
nicer looking low to come up to this
area. Even nicer looking low
to come up to that area. So, that is
kind of what I'm looking at right now,
all right? Which is why I'm positioned
the way I am, all right? I'm short in
case we can't
change the market structure here,
right?
And of course, I am in a long from
around 76.5. I didn't mean to be.
If you were here from the beginning, I I
I pushed the wrong buttons, basically. I
I tried to short, and I ended up adding
to a long trade, ruining my entry. But
that's okay. That's okay. It's a
guaranteed winner, and if we come down
lower with the bullish divs, I am going
to be absolutely looking for another
long trade, especially if we lose this.
Especially if we lose 76,
and then reclaim 76. Now, yeah, there
are some juicy levels
that we're looking for precise bounces
from.
But really, the trigger would be this.
We're below 76, bullish divergences are
there. As soon as we're above 76, that
is the trigger. We get more triggered
than a fat, white, ambiguously gendered
college student majoring in trans,
non-carbon binary emission, gender
intersectionality Pakistani studies.
And as soon as we get the reclaim, that
gives us our trigger. We are triggered,
and we're looking for a new high. That's
a beautiful risk-to-reward ratio,
assuming we come to $83,000.
We're talking a 6:1.
And depending on how low we come, I'm
I'm I'm assuming we're not going to come
much lower than 74 at the worst,
which is still a 3:1 risk-to-reward
ratio.
But 74.5k,
I I I feel like is a good place to be
planning for the lowest to go. This is a
really nice risk-to-reward ratio, and we
would have some extremely bullish
divergences
right there.
Yeah, in addition, we got to give a big
shout out to my man Casper,
>> [singing and music]
>> cuz he says that the 12-hour Market
Cipher B has a big BitBoy green dot.
Yeah, that is something else that we
cannot ignore.
Look at the 12-hour confirmed BitBoy
green dot here.
Now, this doesn't always mean bullish,
all right?
Sometimes it means ultra bearish.
For example, over here,
we print the green dot as soon as we
confirm it, boom, we We straight down,
and it's a massive drop. Oh, my
goodness.
Let's see. The green dot in the
12-minute 12-hour
gave us a 25% drop.
So, maybe we see that. Let's Let's
assume a 25% drop on this one and see
where that would take us.
25% drop would take us to the Fibonacci
golden pocket, baby.
Wow, a 25% drop
guys, would take us right to the macro
Fibonacci golden pocket from the low to
the high.
Look at that. Look at that. Would you
even
That's crazy to think about.
All right. That would take us down
>> [music]
>> 25% right to the macro Fibonacci golden
pocket. And guys, that would actually be
a really nice bottom now considering how
bottomed out things are. If we come down
here and we're seeing the bullish
divergence like this on our two-day time
frame with the money flow crossing,
that's a macro spot buy signal.
That is a macro
um definitely going to be looking for
leverage long signal right there. All
right.
Yeah, that would be absolutely insanity.
You know?
We have 666 viewers now. It's up to 675
now, Casper93.
Yeah. Yeah.
Look, you can't go to 667 without 666.
All right.
Man, is it just me or is it hot in here,
guys? These trades got me sweating.
Got me sweating.
You know what I'm saying?
Um
Oh, your uh your
>> [music]
>> your thing is messed up. Uh
Someone's markets uh monkey is messed
up. The way you got to do it here is I I
I mine was messed up too.
You got to go here and turn off all this
stuff.
Turn off all this stuff. Just keep the
two things on. I think that was my
problem.
I think that was my problem.
All right.
So let's see what happens here guys.
Green dot means sell. Not always
Laurent Fontaine.
Not always sometimes green dot means
buy.
But here's the thing.
Um
12 hour green dots are very fickle. All
right. They're very fickle.
They lead you on. It's just like that
girl in high school. You know what I'm
saying?
You thought she was into you. You
thought she would be your girlfriend.
And she even told you Jay, I love you
today, tomorrow, and the next day.
And
keep in mind today, tomorrow, and the
next day
things are looking nice. All right.
Today
tomorrow she still loves you. Then the
next day comes around and she dumps you.
She meant what she said. I'll love you
today, tomorrow, and the next day.
And so she dumps you. So 12 12 hour
green dots can be fickle.
All right. But sometimes they're not
fickle. I mean look at this one here.
This one gave us a massive pump and dump
operation.
This one here gave us a big juicy
dump also.
Yeah, the 12 hour green dots guys are
not a good buy signal. All right.
They are not a good buy signal. The
only hope that we have for this 12 hour
green dot is this.
All right. The only hope we have for
this one is this.
We have a money flow divergence here.
All right. Money flow div here.
And now this is a trigger wave
after the money flow crossed.
This is our first deep trigger wave
after the money flow crosses.
All right. So this could be a
continuation pattern. And again, we're
not trading dots here on market cipher.
At At I'm not. If you are, you're
probably getting wrecked. In fact, the
only reason my channel exists is because
people were trading the green dots on
Market Cipher.
Funny story, the only reason I started
making content is because BitBoy Crypto
made a video about how if all you do is
long the green dots, you're going to get
rich leverage trading.
I remember driving home
on the country road back to the
homestead thinking to myself,
"BitBoy Crypto, he has like 750,000
subscribers
of crypto noobs who are going [laughter]
to be trading the green dots getting
absolutely wrecked.
And you know, there's really not a lot
of good Market Cipher content on YouTube
besides Crypto Face's intro,
which is just a very
uh
overviewish video.
And so I saw an ice open door to start
making content. That's exactly how I
started making content.
Yeah, hopefully you're not longing the
green dots,
especially if you're in the
Discord.
One moment here, guys.
Look at BitBoy now.
Yeah, I feel bad for BitBoy now, you
know? I honestly like I pray for BitBoy
because he's got some serious some
serious demons to fight, apparently.
>> [music]
>> You know?
That is a that is quite sad.
It is quite sad what happened to BitBoy.
I got nothing
but love and respect for him because he
helped a lot of people out. He helped me
out.
He helped a lot of people out.
I do believe
deep down
he's a good guy, but he's got some
serious demons to fight.
Only only the Lord can help him with
that.
Only the Lord can help him with that,
man. Sheesh.
My goodness. My goodness.
Um
Can we look at the weekly of bitty?
Yeah, let's look at the weekly of bitty,
guys.
Let's look at the weekly of bitty.
The weekly of bitty.
So, I I and I made a video 2 days ago
talking about how this potentially could
turn really bearish really quick here.
This could turn really bearish,
which could turn ultra bullish ultra
bullish
with a money flow and momentum
divergence
later on in the summer or fall,
where
is exactly where we expect the bull
market bottom, sorry, the bear market
bottom to come. If we do do something do
do ah like this,
that would be an ultimate bullish bottom
signal right there.
But, we are potentially forming a
trigger wave here. The RSIs are tight,
which implements massive moves.
All right, when the RSIs are tight,
that's like a big move to the downside.
A big dump. Like you took a giant bowl
of prunes, bran flakes, fiber flakes,
fiber supplement.
Uh
what else has a lot of fiber? Popcorn.
And that's the kind of move we're
talking about, guys.
The kind of move where you don't have to
try,
right?
Shout out to the original KV Hops who
says Jason Gasper is probably the best
TA out there. Come on, man. That ain't
the truth. But, thank you. God bless
you. I appreciate you.
My voice is not working?
No, it is now. Big shout out to Ab Jube.
I thought about buying Bitcoin at one
USD, but it went up only to 100.
So, it wouldn't make me rich.
And so, that I didn't buy it at 100. So,
then it went up to 1,000. Yeah, that's
how it goes, right? That's how it goes.
Um
Shout out to Splash for our films. Shout
out to Drumhop TV. You found me through
Bitboy.
>> [music]
>> Uh is it good if I long blue dots and
long green dots?
Um
No, that's not good. It's not good to do
that. All right, Bitcoin is getting a
pump. Let's see if the short trade gets
wrecked.
All right, let's see if she gets wrecked
here.
Let's see if she gets wrecked here.
All right. Don't worry. We're in a half
million-dollar shorty.
$520,000
short, baby.
All right. And of course, remember
from May 10th, we have been short in the
Casper Crew.
On the 14th, also short again in the
All right.
So, if you're in the Casper Crew, you
should be short if you wanted to be. I
mean, you know, I'm not giving signals
up here. And you should be long, too.
All right. I'm very clear and
transparent about what I'm doing in the
community, myself, Boyin, and others at
JasonCasperTrading.com, the best trading
community in the world, live trading
three times a day, blah blah blah. Also,
guys, Coin Funding.
Right now, giving away $250,000.
If you would like to be eligible to win
a $50,000 funded account on this crypto
prop firm,
all you need to do is, in the past, have
a funded account on Coin using my link,
or you can create account right now
using my link, and you can be eligible
for a $50,000
uh funded account giveaway. All right,
this is a great awesome thing.
Giving away $250,000. In addition, right
now Ubit
is
giving an amazing welcome bonus.
Instant VIP upgrade fees 0% limit 0.02%
market. Plus, we're doing a $1,000
giveaway.
If you want to be eligible for the Ubit
giveaway, simply create an account using
the link in the pinned comment and
description.
All right, that's how you can be
eligible for both the client funding
uh $50,000. We're giving away five
funded accounts.
As well as Ubit is giving away um
five $200 prizes.
All right, so check that stuff out if
you're interested. Also, if you want to
join the Casper crew where we give the
trades in the moment. We give the plans
in advance. This morning, we literally
gave in the moment the long scalp from
the bottom. Took it live during the live
trading stream.
Gave the short in advance from the exact
level as the exact level that we wick up
to and get the rejection from.
All right, the two scalp trades that we
gave this morning, in addition to the
swing trades and day trades that we also
give every day myself and other
instructors. JasonCasperTrading.com.
Check it out if
you are interested.
All right.
Um
You want to know about Cuba?
Cuba does have some issues with rolling
blackouts and and and and expensive fuel
prices. I do have a lot of family in
Cuba.
It's not nearly as bad as the rumors
are, though.
But it's not ideal.
Do you cast out demons today?
Uh
do we?
I mean
you know, Jesus gave his followers
authority to cast out demons in his
name. So, absolutely.
Absolutely.
100%
What happened to the long yesterday?
I'll tell you what happened to it. I
tried to short and I ended up adding to
the dang long position.
Um oh, the long from yesterday that I
had open on this account,
it got stopped out. It got stopped out.
I moved my stop loss. I shouldn't have
moved it, but I moved my stop loss this
morning. I did this morning I flop and
groped like crazy. I I closed the trade
all the way when I meant to take a
portion. The long that was yesterday, I
moved the stop loss up a little bit,
came back, got stopped out.
I tried to short from a new account. I
ended up adding to my long position from
yesterday, ruining my entry. I I I made
some blunders today.
And these blunders literally all had to
do with me just pushing the wrong
button. So, right now this is the only
long trade I'm in.
>> [music]
>> All right, $750,000
That's it. Yeah, that's that's it. I I I
made some serious mistakes today pushing
the wrong buttons and all that crap.
All right.
Have I ever thought about trading one of
the traders in my group on the public
stream? All the time. I ask them all the
time, "Hey guys, you want to do it?"
They say, "No, no."
I say, "Come on. You guys will be ultra
famous. Everyone loves you."
They say, "No.
No, Jason, we can't do it.
We can't sing the pump song the way you
can." I'm like, "Doesn't matter. Come
on, guys."
They're like, "I don't know. I don't
know, Jay. I'm a little bit shy and
nervous." Hey look, if you want Boyan on
these public live streams, give him You
got to pressure him. All right.
Look, he's a 95-year-old guy living in
China.
He needs some pressure. All right.
You want to get Boyan on the live
stream, give him some pressure.
All right.
What's my opinion on
all the data centers going in
everywhere?
Are Are Are they blowing up or
something? I don't know, man. I haven't
been paying attention to
the the the the worldwide collapse.
Haven't really been paying attention too
much.
Uh FOMC coming out today. Really? No
way. We just had FOMC.
Um
Andrew, I'm sorry if you irritated me
about the Sabbath. No, you didn't Well,
I'm sorry if I seemed irritated about
it. You know,
it's one of those topics where I get
like
I suppose I get tired of speaking about
it. I don't mean to uh
I never speak about it here on this
YouTube channel.
All right. Very rarely do I speak about
it.
I'm sorry if I came off irritated in any
way.
All right. I apologize. I apologize.
Please forgive me. I don't mean to sound
irritated.
All right.
Um
When scalp group? As soon
as I am scalping Bitcoin on the reg,
I will be scalping it in that group. I
promise you.
Um
Alan thinks that the token generation
event will not be until the summer. I
have no thoughts, Alan. I literally have
no thoughts. I don't know. I know it's
going to happen at some point. I don't
know when, but I know it's going to
happen, all right? It's going to happen
when it's ready to happen.
That I know for sure. So far,
AX has been
everything I thought it would be. It
just has been taking longer than I
thought, okay? Originally, we launched
this thing in January of 2025
with the beta testing and all this
stuff. And look, things don't happen as
quick as we thought.
But here's the reason.
What What would you rather have
Would you rather have
things go really quick with lots of
issues?
Or would you rather have things go nice
and easy so that there's no issues? And
if there are issues, we nip them in the
bud
before things get out of hand. I'd much
rather have the latter. All right. I'd
much rather go slow, have no mess-ups.
We only get one shot.
We only get one shot at this, all right?
Oh, FOMC minutes today.
Yeah, Boyan is Boyan in the chat? If
Boyan's in the chat, Boyan Everybody
wants you.
What happened to BitBoy? See, apparently
he went a little crazy, honestly.
Apparently he went a little crazy.
In my opinion, this is just my opinion,
he's he's under the influence of the
dark of some some demons, honestly, some
demons.
All right.
For sure. All right.
Do I believe supernatural things like
ghosts and demons really exist? I
absolutely, 100%.
100%.
There are immaterial things that exist
and everybody knows about it. For
example,
the internet
is 100% immaterial. The cloud, 100%
immaterial. It's supernatural. Right
now, we are communicating through the
air.
That is supernatural. We are using
energy,
the energy that exists in the creation
to communicate with each other from all
over the the world.
That is supernatural.
Okay? That is what we would call
spiritual. That's what we would call
supernatural. You can't observe that
with your five senses. You can't do a
scientific experiment on the information
that is being transmitted from my mouth
to you through the air. You cannot do a
scientific experiment to observe that.
In fact, even the pictures,
the pixels,
and all these things you see on your
screen, guess what?
That That's also supernatural. That's
just a representation of information.
That is the representation of
information and electrons firing off
inside your computer chips.
All right?
Your thoughts are supernatural.
Everybody knows thoughts and feelings
are real,
but you cannot
see them, cannot smell them, you cannot
touch them, cannot taste them. Maybe you
can hear them.
Who knows what kind of weird technology
they got out there.
All right.
The creation is much more complex
than it seems
from a purely naturalistic point of
view.
Um
drugs open doors to more demons.
I believe that that is true as well. WTF
am I long?
Oh, uh
yes. Uh no, this is a short
This is a short trade.
Yeah.
This is a short trade, but um
this is a long trade that I'm looking
for, all right? This is the target that
I'm looking for. But this is a short
trade, a half million-dollar short
trade, yeah. A little bit confusing
there. I'm hoping Well, I don't even
know what I want to happen, but I'm I'm
looking for a long trade. If we come
down here, I'm looking to take profits
if we come down here.
All right.
So far though,
it's looking like I'm about to get
absolutely wrecked.
All right.
Uh
Human bones are topological
superconductive system for
neutrino coherent communications.
That is the internal main communication
system that cannot be accessed or
attacked through MITM.
All right, cool.
Um
All right.
You're counter-trading J Cass and
winning.
Says Crypto Clown World. Well, maybe I
should switch the screen.
All right.
There we go.
Am I in a long or what, Andrew Martinez?
Yes, I'm in a long. I'm in a long and a
short. All right, I am long and short.
All right.
Jesse Gallic is everywhere.
Man in the middle. Okay, got you.
Got you.
Yeah, so I'm in a long trade, I'm in a
short trade. Guys, I'm just in the
trades I've been taking
for the past few weeks. All right,
that's that's all that it is. All right,
the thumbnail is extremely sensational.
We've been short since the 10th of May.
We were short on the 14th.
All right, been long for 2 days
in the Casper crew. All right, that's
These are the trades I'm in.
All right.
We have been
short [music]
since the 10th, short again on the 14th,
long since the 18th.
All right, these are the trades I'm in.
All right.
Any idea for a new short? Yes.
Oh, yes. Let's talk about a new short,
baby.
All right, things are about to get real
long
cuz we're about to talk about a new
short.
All right.
Things are about to get super long.
Look at this. Let's clear off the whole
chart here.
Bam.
Look at this, guys. Look at this. Oh my
goodness.
You know, if this daily confirms a green
dot, we're going straight to pump city.
But right now,
if we take out 82 8
and we smack dab right into the dang
Fibonacci golden pocket,
we will then have extremely
bearish
uneven upside downers. All right.
Uneven upside downers, uneven butt
cheeks, all right, so extremely bearish
uneven upside-downers on the daily time
frame.
All right. Extremely bearish uneven
upside-downers
on the daily time frame. Not only that,
we would have a tri-checular formation.
One,
two, three. The tri-checular formation.
You know, cuz you might you know, some
people say, you know, maybe this is not
even a bearish div.
Yeah, it might be a bearish div, all
right. But when you get that triple
driver bear div, and you get the
tri-checular formation,
what does that mean? That means simply
that this right here
was a case of pseudo butt crackius.
Pseudo butt crackius means you thought
that this was the butt crack,
but it wasn't. It was a pseudo butt
crack, it was fake.
All right, it was simply just a big
dimple in the left cheek.
And the true butt crack was right here
the whole time.
Pseudo butt crackius. It's a It's a very
uh
It's like honestly we're just starting
now to study this condition.
Medical journals are just starting now
to publish about pseudo butt crackius.
It's a new condition. It's associated
obviously with you know, this this is a
new condition.
It has to do with our the processed
foods we eat and and and and you know,
not getting enough sunlight and living a
sedentary lifestyle,
you know.
Those dimples get bigger and bigger over
time from sitting in the office chair
too long.
You know what I mean?
The tri-checular.
The old tri-checular.
Shout out to memory man in the house,
baby. Are we pumping?
Yeah, let's see if we pump, all right.
Let's see if we pump here.
All right.
We make another higher high, I'm going
to have to de-risk this a bit.
All right.
>> Shout out to Bull Run Parade. Shout out
to Jesse Gallic.
Shout out to Andrew Cameron 77 and Fred
R 1K SSON. What levels will I start
buying spot? Well, I've already started
buying spot
under 70K.
Uh sadly, my next buy is not until the
50s. So, you know, I'm really playing
this by ear here, guys.
Uh so far, my plan is not invalidated
yet, but depending on what happens,
I would love another drop.
Would love another drop.
Is Market Cipher B based on the Black
Scholes equation model? I have no idea.
I have no idea.
I really have zero ideas, man. I don't
know what it is.
You know what else? I don't really care.
I do not care either. But, today is a
Wednesday, which usually gives us some
intense volatility, you know?
Some intense volatility on Wednesday.
Shout out to Prime Vids.
All right. Shout out to Bull Run Parade.
Can we look at INJ on the macro? Yeah,
for sure.
Let's look at I INJ on the macro.
>> All right, let's go to the weekly.
Man, you know, it doesn't look bad.
Look at this. I'm sure you've already
seen this.
You know,
did I just blow my nose and then wipe my
forehead? Yeah. Mhm. The same with the
same towel? Yeah.
Has it been in here for a week dripping
on my sweat? Yes. Is that gross? Yes.
Um
Yeah, so we've got this very important
support resistance flip level going
literally all the way back. We could say
technically
to December 2020 with that little high
we made. Resistance support, resistance
support, support, support resistance
resistance.
We've got a really nice bull div on the
weekly.
Oh, crap. Hang on. Wrong screen.
Dang it. Here we go.
Boom. All right. Look at this. We've got
this really nice support resistance flip
going all the way back to December 2020.
Resistance support, support resistance
support,
support resistance resistance. We got a
really nice
regular uneven butt cheek pattern on the
weekly time frame.
Um
when we take it off log scale,
I mean,
it looks pretty dang nice.
Not going to lie. We've got ourselves
the classic
falling wedge,
right? A classic falling wedge
that potentially we're bringing I mean
it depends on how you want to draw it.
I want to draw it like this.
Let's connect all those tops. Yeah, oh
wow. Yeah, this is a
you know.
Let me take off this dang magnet tool.
I mean it is a classic falling wedge
pattern.
We got both divs on the weekly.
We got a green dot confirmed on the
monthly.
We are at support.
I mean worst case scenario we lose 100%.
>> [music]
[gasps]
>> But the risk reward is quite phenomenal.
I mean if we do make all-time highs
we're talking a 1,000% so it's a 10 to 1
risk reward right there. It's pretty
good. Um put it back on log scale.
Now look at that big
difference here.
Um
Yeah, let's let's pull the volume.
Let's pull it from the drop.
I mean the majority of the volume from
the drop is now below us.
And I would assume if we reclaim this
here
that that is a nice that could be a nice
move like pump up
move down and then as soon as we as soon
as we
reclaim that
stop loss
target
one for value area high.
>> [music]
>> Whoa.
Something like that and then potentially
I mean I don't know if we'll ever hit
that high. I don't know. I don't know
but this is this this is some nice risk
reward stuff.
You know, I I I definitely looks more
bullish than bearish but
that's just based purely on the
technicals. To me it looks way more
bullish than bearish. Like we have we
have had plenty of time to be bearish
here.
We had our October 10th wick.
We filled the wick. We formed bullish
divergences.
We are above the POC.
Um
the monthly's bottomed out.
It's looking pretty noise.
Pretty noise, honestly.
All right.
Um
Right?
Injured is a trash coin. Yeah, so if
injured is a trash coin, then don't buy
it. You know what I'm saying?
What do I think about sole? Let's take a
look at sole.
Wow.
Look at this strange thing here.
Well, look again, it's undeniable that
sole is at a major support.
Um
do I think it's a good spot by right
now?
Um
I mean, sure, why not?
It it is at a It is at a pretty key
level of support here. All right.
If Bitcoin's going to make another low,
so will sole.
And obviously, what we would want to see
for this thing and in an ideal world,
I'm not saying we're going to get that,
but in an ideal world,
we would want to see a retest.
Something to form here where we make
like a low, a lower low, then we make
the higher low, and then we pump, right?
So, in an ideal world, we would want
something like this to happen.
Form this channel, whoopsie-daisies,
come back in, back test the green line,
and then pump. All right.
Now, obviously, I'm not expecting it to
take until February 2027,
which
by that time,
you know, I I don't I don't think it
will take that long.
But, this is the kind of pattern that we
would want to see here in an ideal
world. This doesn't look like a nice
bottom to me. We are just building tons
of liquidity here. We are forming a
pretty clear bear flag here. And
typically, these things break to the
downside.
>> [music]
>> And honestly, we would want to put in
some kind of double bottom here, right?
We want to put in at least come and back
test once again $73, give or take. Like
Um but yeah, is this objectively
speaking a good place to buy SOL?
I mean, here's the thing. We are down
from the all-time high
about 77%. That's a pretty big discount.
All right, 75% off. It's a pretty good
pretty good place to start deploying
some capital. Of course, we've been down
here since February, so we've had plenty
of time.
Um could we get another drop? Yeah, and
if we do, well,
assuming we get another drop, the
ultimate buy zone would be
in this area, right? [laughter]
Anything under $75 on SOL is a good buy.
Anything under $75 on SOL is a good buy
if you're bullish on the asset. Now,
here's the thing.
Crypto is a new
>> [music]
>> industry, to use that word loosely. And
so,
the truth is, guys, we don't know if SOL
is here to stay.
You know, I like to think SOL and ETH
and Cardano are all going to be
big players in the crypto ecosystem.
They might not be. We don't know. We
don't know.
All right, there have been many coins
that have come and gone
over the years.
All right, so [music]
assuming this thing has a future,
buying solo $75 or less is objectively a
good price.
All right, [music] it's objectively a
You know?
That's just my opinion
on it, you know what I'm saying?
Oh man,
Bitcoin is starting to pump here. Let's
see.
Yeah, if we start to if we start to make
another higher high here, I'm probably
going to de-risk and maybe look to add
from higher.
All right, big shout out to Memory Man.
Big shout out to David D.
How do I feel about Chainlink?
Um
am I a fundamentals guy? Absolutely not.
In zero way, shape, or form am I of
fundamentals guy.
Chainlink, I I hold a lot of Chainlink,
okay? And I believe it does have a
future.
I believe anything under $8.50 is an
amazing buy.
>> [music]
>> Um but this is where we're at with
Chainlink, guys. I mean, we're First of
all, just like Solana,
this does not look like it the low is in
here. It does not look like the low is
in.
This does not look like a healthy bottom
at all.
All right? Not at [music] all.
So, assuming that we are gifted with
another drop,
and assuming that this thing plays out,
I'm not saying we're going to take the
low from 2022, but if we do,
I mean, yeah, I'm bullish on Chainlink.
We are at major support here.
Uh there's no reason why we can't
continue to range here. One of the main
reasons why I'm bullish on Chainlink, by
the way,
is because the purpose of Chainlink is
to link all the blockchains together,
right?
And that's kind of where everything's
headed in general, like blockchain
infrastructure
is In my opinion, probably going to
Like when we start using CBDCs, which we
are,
and everyone will,
I believe that all the blockchains are
going to be
linked together.
Chainlinked together.
All right? And most people won't even
know what blockchain they're using.
But um
yeah, I think the existing
infrastructure is going to be built on
top of.
The reason I think that is because you
have big players
like the Federal Reserve openly saying
that when the Federal Reserve creates
their CBDC, which they will,
and we're all going to use it,
um they're going to build on top of
existing blockchain infrastructure. In
addition to this, you have people like
the World Economic Forum mouthpieces,
right? Klaus Schwab, Noah Harari talking
about how
they
are interested in assets like Chainlink
because of the interconnectivity that it
offers. So, doesn't mean Chainlink is
going to be that thing,
but it already exists.
Why reinvent the wheel?
All right. Now, I could be wrong. Again,
Chainlink might go to zero. I hold a lot
of Chainlink.
I hold quite a bit of Chainlink, you
know?
Hey, pipe pipe. All right, let's look at
hype.
Pump it, baby.
Hype is pumping, all right?
Well,
what can I say?
It looks really bullish on the weekly.
It looks really bullish on the daily
having found support on the zero line
with the money flow.
Nice bullish divergence bottom here.
Now, we're probably going to start
forming hidden bullish divergences for
the next big moves up.
What can I say about this? There's not
much to say about it, guys, you know?
Sadly, there is not much to say about
it.
If you're not in,
you could buy the top
if you're into that.
Uh or you could wait for some kind of
retracement if you think it's going to
continue up. Probably will. I mean,
HyperLiquid is
probably here to stay. Of course,
you can never be so sure about anything
in crypto and
but this is our range here.
We are breaking out of this
channel to the upside.
So, a few things. Maybe a back test of
the channel top.
All right. We connect the highs here.
Connect the highs. Look for a back test
of the channel top, perhaps.
Fibonacci pull from high to low. Maybe
we come back in the channel.
And this is a fake out, but then we do
bounce from the channel low.
Right? Stuff like that.
But this is not my area of expertise as
far as assets in free pump mode. You
know, I'm the kind of guy who likes to
long the bottom. So, if I see something
like this, I do not get interested in
trading it. I do not get interested in
buying it.
You know, I respect the pump.
I respect the pump and congrats to the
people making big gains on this, but
what do you want me to do here
besides say, "Yep, we're pumping, baby."
That's all we really can do when it
comes to something like this.
You know I'm saying?
Do I hold more XRP or LINK? I only hold
LINK. I don't hold any XRP.
Shout out to my man,
Divine Hoodie says, "Check out Zcash."
You entered a long on Zcash.
You entered on the 382.
Beautiful trade, bro.
Beautiful trade.
So, Divine Hoodie long right here.
On the trace ultra dos.
Looks like we want to go for the high
again. This is like a beautiful cup and
handle. You know what's crazy about
this?
Is the fact that
you know, if this is a cup and handle,
our target, let's turn it off. Oh, it
it's off log. Wow.
This is crazy.
>> [music]
>> Wow. A thousand dollar
Zcash Can you imagine that?
It's going to be a key psychological.
Right? Is that crazy?
It's possible. It's possible. It's
possible.
My top five altcoins that I hold
Ethereum,
Chainlink,
Cardano,
AVAX,
Solana.
Probably my top five.
No, you entered at $316.
Oh my goodness, Divine Hood is long from
down here.
Woah, Divine Hood, I'm sorry, Divine
Hood. I don't mean to sell you short
like that. Divine Hood is long from down
here.
Wow. That's amazing.
Divine Hood is up right now.
100% If we hit that $1,000 target, he
will be up 235%. That is crazy.
That is crazy.
People say Zcash is like early Bitcoin.
Maybe it is.
I haven't held Zcash since like 2017.
I remember Zcash back in the day.
You know, this is this is an old coin
here. We have been
Zcash been around forever.
Seriously.
All right. Let's see. I do want to set
an alert here on Bitcoin in case we take
that high again.
Of course, 78k
also an important area of resistance.
All right.
Would I load up more on altcoins if they
dip below their 2022 lows?
>> [music]
>> Uh at this point in my life, probably
not. All right. At this point in my
life, probably not. I'll be honest with
you.
Um
Yeah, probably not.
Maybe I would a little bit, but I
wouldn't put any kind of huge money into
them.
You know?
Holding ADA and not XRP.
Do I believe in XRP? Look, I'm an
old-school crypto guy. You guys have to
understand. All right. That I have
always had a bad taste in my mouth for
XRP. I've never held XRP.
I never will hold XRP. I The only time
I've traded XRP
was on leverage very sparingly. All
right. [music] You have to understand
where I come from, guys. I've been into
crypto since 2016.
In 2016, the reason people got into
crypto
is because they hated the Federal
Reserve.
They hated banks. They hated
governments.
They hated taxes.
All right. That is why the old-school
Bitcoiners got into Bitcoin. The
new-school Bitcoiners get into Bitcoin
because BlackRock has Bitcoin and
there's a Bitcoin ETF and Trump likes
Bitcoin.
And because Bitcoin is going to make
money.
And if if there's wide-scale adoption,
then that's good for
The old-school Bitcoiners didn't want
any of that. All right. Now, the
old-school Bitcoiners, when something
like XRP comes out
and says XRP is going to be the thing
that combines crypto with traditional
banking system,
I mean, that is the most repulsive
anathema thing I could possibly imagine.
Right?
Now,
this is the mind This is what I think of
when I think of XRP. When I think of
Ripple,
I think of a Trojan horse deception
coin, all right?
Now, you might say, "Jason, you're
hypocritical. You're You're into
Chainlink. You're into all this." You're
right.
I'm hypocritical because I've changed
over the years.
All right? I'm no longer an old-school
Bitcoiner, all right? I'm a new-school
Bitcoiner. Pump my bags, baby. Pump my
bags
so I can get the heck out of here before
we're all forced into the dang smart
cities on universal basic income. Let me
get a nice little homestead rolling here
before uh
you know, the the the shoe drops and the
digital enslavement system goes live,
right? Pump my dang bags. Give me the
wide-scale adoption.
Right? We have a short window of time
to to profit before things get bad, all
right? But, because
of my bitter taste for XRP, I just can't
go back to it. I just can't go back to
it, all right?
Even if it is going to be the thing that
pumps,
I just can't go back to it, all right?
That's just the reality of the
situation.
All right?
But, here's the thing. Am I confident
XRP is going to pump? No, not at all.
Could XRP go to zero? Absolutely.
Is XRP special? No.
No, it's not. It's not.
It doesn't have to be XRP. It could be
anything, all right?
Dear Jason, please say Monero. Yeah,
seriously. So, Monero
is
essentially
what
a real cryptocurrency should be, all
right? If Monero is truly private, which
I've heard maybe it's not,
>> I bought XRP live a while back.
Well, I probably sold it, man, cuz I
don't have any now. And if I do, it's
tiny little amounts on some random
exchange I haven't logged into in
months.
How big is the window of time?
I don't know.
I don't know. I mean, sustainable
development agenda 2030.
Uh I'd say probably we we prob
we probably have maybe
20 years.
Say 20 years.
You know, by 2050, I'd say.
You know?
Let's see how things unfold in the next
few years.
I mean, it's very interesting to see how
much has changed in the last 6 years.
Right?
We had the whole world shut down.
We had things go much more remote.
We had the doubling of the money supply
of the United States dollar,
which is changing completely the global
economic
uh
environment.
You know, the the petrodollar is dying,
the West is declining.
You know, things are changing quick.
There is a new order coming.
You know, the baby boomer generation is
on its way out, sadly. You know, I love
baby boomers, you know?
But uh
you know, that I feel like the baby
boomer generation are the last
generation that
could have lived the American dream.
So, let's see what happens. I mean, it
is very interesting to see how much
things have changed. I look back at the
past 20 years,
and really I it's almost unrecognizable.
It's crazy how much it's changed.
We've got AI technology coming in. I
mean, think of think of even just the
past 2 years with AI.
Uh how much life has changed for the
average person being able to use AI.
It's pretty crazy.
You know, jobs are quickly becoming
obsolete with AI.
Um
But, I'd give it 20 years. Let's see.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Do I think Trump has a shot at becoming
the prime minister of Israel and the
Antichrist?
Um
I don't think so. I I I would If I had
to If I had to place If I was a betting
man, I would bet against that. Yeah, no,
I don't think so.
No, I don't think so.
Uh
What kind of protein would you like on
your burger, bug or soy?
You know, if I had to pick between bug
or soy, I would pick bug. I would pick
grasshopper.
Cuz it is a whole food. It is kosher. It
is biblically clean.
And it's a whole food.
The soy I Well, it depends, right? Are
we talking [clears throat] organic soy?
Are we talking non-GMO organic pure soy?
Are we talking genetic genetically
modified soy? Same with the
grasshoppers.
You know, are the grasshoppers exposed
Have they been exposed to glyphosate?
Have they have been brought up on
glyphosate covered grass?
It has a tough choice, Bullish on
Parade.
I think I'd have to look a little bit
more into your source thing
before I decide what kind of protein I
would like on my burger.
Um
Have you ever heard of the World Mission
Society Church of God? Yes.
Actually, I have
heard of the World Mission Society
Church of God.
I actually have heard of them.
If I'm not mistaken,
they have some strange
beliefs.
If I'm not mistaken, they have some
strange beliefs.
I don't know I don't know what they are
exactly they believe, but I've I've
heard that they have some strange
beliefs.
>> [music]
>> You don't understand why the USA hates
so much on China and Russia.
USA's future sounds a lot like
communism.
Well, Dennis Marv, I don't know
does the United States hate on China and
Russia? It's a strange thing.
Uh I mean, China
the United States and China are so
codependent on each other. I say the
United States is more dependent on China
than China is on the US.
I mean, in America everything is made in
China.
If China stops doing business, stops
trade with the US, the US would implode
overnight.
Um
are you talking about the people or you
talking about the government? I mean,
definitely
it seems as if
the United States is heading towards a
more socialist type of system.
I would agree with that.
They believe God the mother is on Earth
living in South Korea.
Well, that sounds pretty crazy.
FOMC in a while.
Says uh
Sirak Diamond.
What do we have? FOMC minutes, right? We
don't have real FOMC.
Forex Factory.
Yeah, FOMC meeting minutes in 2 minutes.
So, I don't think this is really
anything that we can do
or watch.
It's just a record of what happened
already, all right?
So, it's a record of the last FOMC.
Why am I calling the exact bottom?
I don't know, man. Oh, for for the day?
I mean, I would love I don't know, man.
I don't even know anymore. I have not
been I'm not on a roll anymore. I'm out
of the groove. This this choppy range
has got me
out of the damn groove.
I would like for the bottom to be below
76K. I would like I would like for us to
drop down there,
take the low.
I would love to come down, take this
liquidity.
You know, I don't know if that's going
to happen, though. We have We have some
really mixed signs on the chart.
We have some seriously mixed signs on
the chart.
But, I would like
to come down, take this, and then get a
re-clean. That's what I would like.
All right?
Is there an egg code? You know what? let
me get an egg code going, all right?
Let me get an egg code going for you
guys.
All right, hang on one second.
All right, the code is China. All right,
China.
The egg code is China.
Guys, just a quick reminder.
All right.
Client Funding is giving away five
$50,000 funded accounts.
All right, that's $250,000 in total for
the giveaway.
Five $50,000 funded accounts, that's
$250,000 in total.
If you want to win, what you need to do
is you need to have in the past or right
now create an account and you have to
purchase an account.
All right, I have 15% discounts on these
funded accounts here.
All right.
If you use the link in the description,
if you have had an account in the past,
you are eligible to win
a $50,000 funded account. If you're into
trading on platforms, that's an awesome
thing, all right?
Um also, Ubit
is giving away $1,000.
Link in the pinned comment and
description.
Not only do you get the instant VIP 8
upgrade,
>> [music]
>> low fees, sign up bonuses,
but we are going to be giving away
$1,000. All you need to do is sign up
using
my link. Also, if you want to join the
Casper Crew, where we been short since
the 10th of May
and long for the past 2 days
and the juiciest profits,
you can go to JasonCasperTrading.com.
Click the link to join the best dang
trading community in the world, where
myself and three instructors are live
trading multiple times a day. Like this
morning,
we gave the long in advance, and I told
everybody the moment I took the long
trade,
as well as when I took profit.
>> [music]
>> All right? We step-by-step in the in the
Discord tell you what we're doing.
All right? Not financial advice, not
signals, educational only, entertainment
only.
All that great, good, juice
stuff.
All right?
You're planning to take a long around
75, 275.
What do I think about that? I think it
sounds like a great idea.
Um
You don't see any pump till 75K is
wiped. Yeah, I mean
another drop on Bitcoin looks absolutely
beautiful. That's why I'm looking for
this, but let's see what happen.
Let's see what happens.
All right?
China is the egg code. What do you do
with the eggs? You enter in the Discord
to win cash prizes.
All right? You enter to win cash prizes.
You think we pump first? Let's see.
>> [singing and music]
>> Bitcoin is up until July minimum.
That's interesting.
Yeah, I don't know how I feel about
that, honestly.
I don't know how I feel about that.
We'll have to see, you know. Uh we get
to see now if the sell in May and walk
away thing is all right, if it's legit
or if it's not.
You know?
Is sell in May walk away legit or no?
We will find out.
I'm calling 75 71 the low of the day.
I'm calling at least there, uh
too real for you.
When to add to the short? Well,
you know, look, I've I
I'm not really looking
>> [music]
>> How do I say How do I say this, guys?
The one size does not fit all. Where are
you short from? What short are you
talking about? Are you talking about the
short from May 10th?
Are you talking about the short from May
14th? Where to add to that? I would say
the macro golden pocket from the high to
our current low is where I would add to
that. Where would I add to this short
I'm in right now? I mean, maybe
78.2-ish.
We'll have to see. If we make another
high here, I'm going to de-risk. I've
got half a million dollars on the trade
right now.
I've got 521,000 USDs
on the trade, [snorts] baby. This is the
most boring price action week I've seen
in my life.
Everyone has like
pump and dump.
The trend goblin.
Jason is the trend goblin.
Look, trend is your friend. The trend is
your friend until the end of the trend.
All right?
The trend is your friend until the end
of the trend. Honestly.
The 15-minute double button keeps me
long. Let's check it out.
15-minute double bottom.
Let's check it.
Yeah, that does look pretty nice. I
mean, that's the that's the scalp trade
we took this morning in the Casper crew.
I closed it out. Sadly, I didn't mean to
close it out.
But, um
we longed from right right here
this morning. I closed the whole thing
out by accident.
What time is the video earnings? I don't
even know. Honestly.
Um
How many accounts do I trade on? A lot.
right now I'm primarily trading on 1 2 3
4 5 accounts.
All right? I'm trading actively two
accounts on Antarctic, one account on
Blowfish, one account on Ubit, one
account on
KCSX. All right?
There's no discount code to client
funding. Yeah, there is. It's Jason15 is
the discount code, man.
Jason15, it's in the description of this
video.
All right? [music] Speaking of Nvidia
in this video
in the description, Jason15.
Trend is your friend until the supply
chain goes out, says Splash Bros Films.
Yeah, trend is your friend until the
supply chain goes out. Then, you
you can't
you can't do it. We got egg wars going
on right now in the Discord.
In the in the Jason Casper Discord, we
got egg wars going on, but
unfortunately, I can't be there cuz I
have to watch this dang price [music]
action here.
All right, so apparently Nvidia earnings
is in 52 minutes.
All right, someone else says 5:00 p.m.
We've got we've got mixed signals.
We've got mixed signals out here, guys.
Imagine thinking Klein is going to give
you a discount.
It's a 15% discount, guys, exclusive to
Jason Casper.
Mike T Geiper
Yeah, it's true. It ain't no It ain't It
ain't no baloney. It ain't phony. It
ain't no baloney.
You know, it ain't phony. It ain't no
baloney.
Man, I'm tired of this boring price
action. Can we please get a move,
Bitcoin?
You know.
I wish I traded I wish I traded hype.
I really I wish I traded hype. Like,
what the heck?
You know, what the actual? What the
actual?
>> [clears throat]
>> Yeah, 2:00 p.m. is Fed minutes. We
already had Fed minutes.
Only squeeze says y'all about to find
out soon here. Well, let's see if we
can't squeeze it to the upside.
All right. Sh- She metric
metric sh-
ake 5715 says it's after market close.
I never know how to pronounce your your
YouTube name here.
It's It extremely difficult for me to
pronounce that.
All right.
Hype is dangerous trading for you. Well,
like I said, when it comes to something
like that, and then I see it's just been
going straight up up only,
I have nothing to say. I I don't want to
buy it.
I don't want to trade it. I don't want
to short it.
So, there's really not much I can do
with it except respect the the gains
that people
have made on it.
You know.
Mhm. Guys, I love the smell of these
pine needles behind me.
See these pine needles?
You You take them.
You break them.
You You You roll them.
You sniff them.
Shout out to Dennis Mar J.
I dare you at next live stream show us a
small video of you
making pull-ups with max weights or reps
cuz the muscles look like AI.
Do they really? I feel like I don't even
look that jacked right now,
>> [music]
>> you know?
Feel like I don't really look that
jacked.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe the muscles are AI.
But um
man, I definitely could not do a max set
of pull-ups today. I am wiped out. I'm
wiped out. I had to rearrange my workout
schedule this week.
I did [music] legs on Sunday, upper body
on Monday,
and legs again yesterday.
Three days in a row. I am pretty wiped
out today. I'll be honest.
I'll be honest, I was wiped out.
You know?
But someday I will.
Someday I will.
Uh
I feel like I could If I was fresh, if I
was fresh, I could probably do 30
pull-ups overhand wide grip.
I I'm pretty sure I could. I've done it
many times before.
Done it many times before.
The problem is, do I really want to
waste my energy on a set of 30 pull-ups?
Maybe for the sake of YouTube I'll have
to do it. Yeah.
You want to see those heavy
full range squats, baby?
I mean
I do like to squat.
I do have a video, I think, of me
squatting.
Let's see. Do I have a squat video here?
See if I can find one.
Yeah, I don't know if I can show it, but
I'll give it a shot here.
Look at that. Do you guys see all this?
Oh, yeah. Look at that. Do you guys see
that? Huh?
You see this, honey?
See here.
Would I be able to
No, I don't think I'd be able to do
that.
Um
Yeah, let's see actually. I might be
able to.
Um
Let's see.
Here we go.
Um
No, you guys can't see that.
Can't see that.
Yeah, I don't know how to show videos.
Shout out to Dave Digital in the house.
Actually, let me see if there's a way to
show a video.
If I do this
and if I do this
Let's see.
>> Does this work?
There we go.
Here we go. Look, now we got we got a
video of squats, all right?
Let's see. This is what is this
There we go.
Yeah, we got some squats, all right?
Squats.
Look, I know I got chicken legs, guys,
all right? You got to leave me alone.
I'm 6'3, all right?
It's just the angle. Trust me, it's just
the angle. It's just the angle, you
know?
It's just the angle.
Trust me, it's just the angle.
Look, I'm 6'3. It's It's hard for It's
hard for me to squat. And I had I had I
had to work a long time on my squats,
honestly. [music]
I had to work a long time on my squats,
all right?
And to be fair,
To be fair,
my legs do suck compared to the rest of
my body, all right?
But also to be fair,
it's not a good angle
to see the leg width, all right?
The small amount of width that I have.
It's a bad angle.
>> [music]
>> Do I wear wired headphones?
Of course.
That's all I do.
>> [music]
>> But I do love squatting. I love
squatting, but I'll also be honest and
say squats don't really build my legs
too much.
Nothing really builds my calves. I train
them like crazy, too.
Um
Do I have any dunk music? I don't have
dunk music.
But
let's see here.
Right now
I feel like I feel like my legs are
probably the best that they've ever
been, all right?
Feel like my legs are probably the best
they've ever been, all right?
All right, no homo.
>> [music]
>> No homo. About to show you.
This is my current physique. This is
after 6 weeks
of
cutting [music] weight and then 1 week
of pumping the calories, all right? I
have to say
I have to say
all right.
I definitely don't look like I have weak
legs. The calves all right, okay, okay.
But the quads, all right, I'll take it.
I will take it. I will take it, guys.
I'm not
Like I said, no homo.
All right, I know we're 99.9% dudes in
here, all right? So
you know.
That's my current
physique as of yesterday morning.
Do I squat to pee? No, I sit to pee.
I sit to pee.
I sit to pee after all those squats,
man.
Play soccer if you want strong legs.
My son plays soccer, so that's what's
up.
Hopefully he gets strong legs. What are
my thoughts on the sardine diet? I never
I never tried the sardine diet, but I
think sardines are super healthy
if they're like the healthy kind.
Try to get them either in organic extra
virgin olive oil or water.
Taste gross. Mackerel is good, too.
Mackerel has more fat.
If you're eating the sardines for the
omega-3,
uh I think they're super healthy, you
know?
Then I think they're healthy.
You think my legs are fine? It's funny
cuz I am I'm not even kidding. I'm super
self-conscious about my skinny legs.
I'll never forget
I'll never forget this time.
>> [singing]
>> I went to my grandmother's
for her 85th birthday party.
And I hadn't seen my cousins in a long
time, and I uh
I don't know, I guess I must have been
wearing some skinny jeans or something,
and my cousins, they saw me. They're
like, "Jason, you know, you look really
like buff,
but uh
you got to work out your legs."
That's what they told me. I said, "I do.
I work out my legs. I don't know what to
tell you, you know?"
>> [music]
>> And then from that point on, then this
other time I was at the beach.
I was at the beach, right? And this
little kid
points over at me and says, "Mom,
look at that man. Look, he has such big
muscles, but what happened to his legs?"
And that just crushed me, guys.
I mean, that just crushed me. I I
couldn't even take it. So, I dug a big
hole in the sand, and I I buried myself
up to the waist.
Um
I just stood there for like until the
tide came in. I almost didn't make it.
>> [singing and music]
>> What do I think about midnight night
from Cardano? I'm not sure.
Um
Yeah, exactly. David B. Bramble Bo says
sardines are great.
Especially if you don't get them in seed
oils. Yeah, that's the thing. So, either
organic extra virgin olive oil
or water. Now, if you get them in water,
they taste I'm going to be honest, they
taste gross. And it's it's creepy to eat
a a fish and you got the bone and the
skin.
All right.
But, if you want to be healthy,
I do think they're one of the best
sources of omega-3 fats.
>> [music]
>> Salmon is great. All right, salmon is
great.
Yeah, kids are the best for honesty.
Juan Estrada, my
my kids say the most embarrassing things
sometimes. Like, "Look at how fat that
guy is."
I'm like, "Well, we don't want to make
anybody feel bad. Shouldn't shouldn't
say I'll be like,
>> [music]
>> "Well, you shouldn't say that." They're
like, "Why?"
Like,
"Well, you don't want to make anybody
feel bad, you know?"
Now, to be fair to be fair to be fair
about the thing at the beach, keep in
mind at this time at this time my upper
body was extremely tanned. All right, my
upper body was extremely tanned.
Because
all the work I do out in the homestead,
I would wear I would wear long jeans.
Long jeans with the socks tucked in cuz
I don't want to get a tick, right?
So, my legs were pale pasty white as
pasty white as could be.
Um
but my upper body was extremely tanned.
So, it did look like two different
people stitched together, okay, to be
fair.
But,
Shout out to our super chat.
You have five kids, Juan. That is crazy,
bro.
Shout out to our super chat, Victor
Vasarely.
Vic- Vic- Victor?
Vasa-real.
He says, "Can you check Ondo and your
opinion on tokenization?"
Sure, let's check out Ondo.
All right.
Let's see here. Ondo.
Well,
it looks pretty bullish. We're I mean,
this is our support resistance flip.
Weekly momentum crossing the zero line,
bullish divergence on the weekly.
If we reclaim that line, 46 cents,
um
not financial advice, but if we reclaim
it,
we have a clear invalidation,
and potentially [music] could look for
It's not the best risk to reward unless
we come to all-time highs.
Uh now, I'll be honest with you, when
you ask about tokenization, I don't even
know anything about Ondo and
tokenization.
But, it does look This this low looks
nice. Like, this looks nice here.
Um
The daily looks nice.
What would be a better entry
would be I'll tell you what the juiciest
entry would be. All right.
If I were looking at Ondo for like an
actual long trade,
the
the best trade that could possibly be
taken right now would be to come and
take all this liquidity here.
That would be a gift. I'm not saying
we're going to do that,
but that would be an absolute gift. A
beautiful beautiful beautiful stop hunt,
and then a reclaim of 24 cents would be
the ultimate long signal.
All right.
That would be the most bullish thing you
could possibly imagine given this chart.
Other than that,
something else we could look for would
be
maybe coming back down to test the
support resistance flip right here.
Right? If we If we can't reclaim the
level
and we do something like this and we
come down to the Fibonacci golden pocket
and we come back down into that zone,
that's also a good place to look.
Um but other than that, you know, a
reclaim and a back test of 46 cents
is and we've already, you know, right
now if we come above it,
>> [music]
>> to me, that's good enough for
invalidation
entry and then looking to squeeze all of
this stuff here, right?
Cuz this looks very very squeezable.
Could it happen? Yeah. Will it happen? I
have no idea. I'll be honest.
I don't even know what Ondo is.
I'm not much of a crypto guy.
Uh so I don't know anything about what
what tokenization you're talking about,
but
All right.
But thank you so much for the super
chat. I really appreciate it.
You fixed your skinny legs 5 years ago
with your strategy 80% of your body
weight in squats for three sets to
failure once a week.
With your usual leg workouts in between,
that is crazy, Dennis Marv.
Um
80% of your body weight.
That's That's pretty intense.
So
It's like for me it would be like around
160 lb.
Yeah, interesting. Maybe it Maybe I'll
give that a shot, man. Maybe I will give
that a shot.
I have tried high volume squatting in
the past
and I did notice some leg gains. Um
Obviously, I've seen I've I've I've seen
leg gains in my legs like over the
years.
Um
I'll give that a shot, you know? It's
mostly the calves that I that I don't
like. Like I'll be fine
with my upper legs.
It's just the calves that are real
skinny, but it is what it is.
But maybe I'll Maybe I'll
Maybe I'll give that a shot, man.
Oh, the setup in the garage? Yeah, this
is uh this is what a pro trader's setup
looks like, you guys.
All right, a few things of note.
The uh hair metal wig, okay.
Of course, the plunger.
The jug to pee in if need be.
The blowfin pure gold chain.
All right.
Um
the the bubble machine.
The bubble machine.
Um of course, the power strip.
The pack of aspartame-free gum.
The broken
Nintendo 64 controller missing a control
stick.
The towel
to soak up the sweat.
Um as well as, of course,
the bug zapper.
Uh a bag of
contractor garbage bags.
As well as a mason jar full of water
with a little bit of electrolytes in
there.
That is the setup, all right?
That is the setup right there.
Shout out to Zach61eeta.
Shout out to HF G in the chat.
Let's see if Bitcoin's going to come and
take our low here.
Let's see if Bitcoin's going to come
take our low.
Uh
when is my reward for live short entry?
Well, I told you, Barzack. What's your
USDT address, man?
Look, I told you. I would have taken the
short without you, but I I acknowledge
the fact that you said
we're going to take a short, and I said
I I'll pay you royalties. Give me your
dang USDT address, bro.
I keep telling you that.
Calves is about genetics. Yeah, the old
genetics excuse. I'll take it. I'll take
it, you know? You know what else is all
genetics?
Taking losses in the market.
That gum can cause some serious loose
stool.
That's good to know.
Do I have a course on setting up a
professional YouTube studio?
No course needed, my friend.
Uh
Did you write Yeah, do it again, Barsad.
Yeah, I'll send you some USDT, bro.
Why not, man?
Why not? I'll send you some USDT.
All right. [music] Anthony Lee Crypto,
he says, "Three angles for calves. Toes
in, out, and straight hitting all three
heads of the calf." Oh, interesting.
Uh high volume, always three
weight drop sets. At least two drop sets
each angle. All right, bro, I will give
that a shot. All right, I'm going to
screenshot this right now. All right,
it's going to be my new calf routine,
bro.
All right, let's see. We'll take the
measurements. It'll be the Anthony Lee
Crypto calf routine.
Screenshot this right now.
Anthony Lee Crypto definitely knows his
stuff way more than I do.
All right. I got I got you, bro.
I got you, man.
I got you, bro.
I got you, my man.
I'm going to send you over something,
all right?
>> It's supposed to supposed to get really
stormy out today.
Supposed to get really stormy out today,
guys.
Good stretch on the calf.
Says not not quicker.
I always do try and prioritize the
stretch and the squeeze. The stretch and
the squeeze.
The stretch and the squeeze.
But obviously I'm doing something wrong,
you know?
What's my Bitcoin target for the top?
Not sure.
Uh
I'm not sure. If If the top's not in,
then I'm looking for either 833, 86, or
100k. Close to 100k, maybe 97.
All right, let's see. I got to send my
man some USDT cuz I told him I would.
And Jason Casper
is a man of his word.
Jason Casper is a man of his word.
Is that Ethereum? I'm going to assume
that's an Ethereum address.
All right, there we go.
500 USDs
just sent to you, my man.
There you go, bro.
It's about the stretch more than the
squeeze. All right.
Shout out to Mr. Pillono 2050. Shout out
to Dano Crypto. Am I on a hoverboard?
Nah, I'm just walking aimlessly around
around the driveway, bro.
You know.
Aimlessly walking around the driveway
waiting for Bitcoin to dump down below
$76,000. You know what I'm saying?
Shout out to Daze Digital. Why don't you
just buy some cows and then when they
have calves, your calves will be bigger
than everyone else's calves. You're
right. [music] You're right.
Crypto Clown World says you can be a fat
kid like me and when you lose weight
you'll be left with big calves. You know
what? That's not the case with me.
That's just not the case with me.
You know what's funny is when I was
super fat, when I was super obese,
>> [snorts]
>> which I was, I used to say, you know
what?
At least my arms and legs are skinny.
It's just my man my giant man breasts
and my large gut.
Right? I I definitely had the the least
attractive
um
obese physique possible, guys. Like some
dudes and some girls, like you know how
it is, right? Some women
right? They can be
technically speaking obese, but they're
beautiful. They They They're obese in
the right areas, okay?
Other other ladies could be obese and
they are obese in the wrong areas, okay?
For me,
it was all just fat around the love
handles, the stomach, and the man boobs,
but the arms and legs were skinny. I had
no big old calves left when I lost
weight, okay?
You know.
You got like
your typical like
There There's
There's another kind of fat guy physique
where you're fat in the butt and the
legs and you got the gut, too. You got
the gut, too.
But it doesn't look as bad
because
things are just more proportional,
right? For me, it's like toothpicks
coming out of a giant grape.
You know, that was my physique.
Toothpicks coming out of a giant grape.
A giant grapefruit, okay?
So.
Imagine that being a Tron dress. I hope
it wasn't a Tron dress.
The background beats
hard. What channel is it? Yeah, it's uh
it's a pure boom 90s.
Yeah, you know.
I love these beats.
I love these beats. They do go hard.
They go super hard.
My entry is your TP? Okay.
Well, the
that the reason my entry is there is
because
that is a resistance.
Um
Yeah, insulin resistance on roids. Yeah,
for for sure. Yes. I mean, I was a very
unhealthy kid, extremely unhealthy.
Uh it's funny like thinking back cuz now
I'm all about being metabolically
healthy and all this, right? So,
thinking back to as a child, I would I
had very unhealthy habits, lots of
sugar, lots of seed oils, lots of
refined carbs,
very little protein, you know, my mom
would often make dinner with just like
just be pasta and tomato sauce only. The
only protein would be like a little
parmesan sprinkled cheese that has
silicone in it anyway, right? And then
I'd always be eating like ice cream.
>> [music]
>> I'd always be eating potato chips,
you know, cheese, all this kind of
stuff, pizza rolls, all this like
processed junk garbage, right?
And then as I got older, because I was
fat,
it kept me from doing any kind of
physical activity, right? Couldn't run,
couldn't play sports.
The only thing I was good at or enjoyed
was playing video games. So, what did I
do? I sat around playing video games,
ate a whole bunch of junk food.
Um
and then as I got into my teenage years,
you know, the the the weight gain
accelerated.
You know, it's like a snowball effect.
When stream with Daniel Crypto? We'll do
a stream, man. You know, we will, for
sure, bro.
You could always tell Italian
contractors in any rock cuz they only
worked out their biceps and chest. Then
when I first got into fitness, all I did
was work out my biceps and chest, you
know.
Darren is obese in the right areas.
That's cool, man.
Shout out to Verboshi who says be
grateful for your upper body. My family
has huge legs but no upper body.
I'd swap in a heartbeat. Yeah, I always
wonder if I would swap. I I I would
rather have a bigger upper body to be
honest, but
Uh-oh, what happened here?
Yeah, everyone's everyone's got their
own genetics, right? It is what it is. I
mean, at the end of the day, I really
don't don't care at all.
Um
you know, I I jest on here about caring
about my leg size. I I I really don't
care.
I'm 36. I'm happily married. I've got a
wonderful family. I I don't I don't need
to have bigger legs, really.
Um
you know.
Doritos literally made me obese over the
summer between second and third grade.
At 15, I would just go to the gas
station to get a 32-oz cherry Coke and a
party-size Skittles, and that was lunch.
That is crazy, bro.
Um
Primsharta, you're the client funding
winner.
I I I don't remember actually, bro. I
really don't remember at all. When was
that?
And what was the giveaway? I I don't
remember, man.
Um
The egg code is
Um what is the egg code?
Crap, what is the egg code? Anyone
remember the egg code?
Does anyone remember the egg code? I
don't remember it. Crap, what was it
now?
It wasn't zero.
It wasn't Coke.
It wasn't Bitcoin.
It wasn't market.
Oh, China. China. Thank you, Primebit.
Three. It was China. It was China. All
right.
Come on, Bitcoin. We need a big drop.
Thank you, China. China, yeah.
Yeah, if I knew what I know now about
nutrition and and and diet and all this
back then, would have changed
everything. Back when you're a kid,
you're like, man, why am I fat and
everyone else isn't? You don't realize
you're metabolically unhealthy. I was
probably pre-diabetic as a kid,
honestly. I was probably pre-diabetic as
a kid.
And then you spend your older years
trying to dig your way out of that, but
hey,
you know? In a lot of ways, I'm thankful
that I was so unhealthy as a kid because
because if I hadn't been if I hadn't
been so out of shape as a
a kid and and and a younger teenager,
I would probably have gone the way of
your average American
and being a 36, almost 36-year-old guy,
I would probably
have all the conditions that your
average 36-year-old guy has, you know?
Uh insulin resistance, probably
pre-diabetic.
You know, probably like feeling like
garbage all the time, tired.
You know?
Um weak. [music]
You know, no offense to anyone who's
feeling like that, but like
I feel like people are like that because
they take their health for granted as a
kid.
And then the next thing you know, their
age catches up to them, but because
because I had that as a younger person,
it it drove me to be healthy. It It
pushed me
to pursue health and
uh fitness. And so now that I'm 36,
all my friends that used to be athletic
and
fit
and enjoying a healthy young body, now
they're old and fat and sickly.
And now I'm old and I get to enjoy
having a healthy body. It's
I'd rather it be this way than the other
way.
To be honest with you.
Um
But look.
The Lord is in control of everything,
right? At the end of the day, you could
take care of your body, you could eat
the right stuff,
you could exercise, and you know,
there's only so much you could do. And
then And then God's in control.
God's in control of the health and all
this stuff, you know?
So praise the Lord.
Dave B says, "Most definitely
pre-diabetic,
>> [music]
>> but not until the mitochondria are
permanently destroyed and malfunctioning
25 years later that doctors start
figuring out diabetes."
Yeah.
Takes time, right? Can we take a look at
order flow? Yeah, for sure.
What I think about dental health?
I mean, how do my teeth look?
How do they look?
They're the same color as the siding.
Little yellow.
Little crooked.
Um
let's take a look at order flow.
Um we don't really have much of anything
going on. We have a steady decline of
OI.
We have a steady
steady um CBD. Looks pretty pretty
neutral here.
Honestly.
Yeah, look at the teeth, guys. What do
you think about [music] them?
Shout out to Boom
Boom Dark Saint.
Kodak says don't take health for
granted.
I don't know Trey Visuals uh oh uh Trey
Visuals, look at the order flow. I don't
see anything really of note here. The
only thing maybe I I see here is a
potential bull flag forming on the lower
time frames.
You know, this is our 1-hour chart.
Let's go down to our 5-minute chart.
Does look bull flaggish.
Let's see what happens here. I don't see
any bullish CBD. I don't see any bearish
CBD.
Um
US people don't seem to give a crap
about teeth. I don't know. I everyone I
know has perfect teeth. Everyone I know
had braces and like they had the most
perfect like beautiful teeth. All right,
I'm the only one I know that looks like
this.
All right. Um
but the reason I look like this is
because
I have extra teeth
and they are crowded.
All right, I don't know why it is, but I
used to have perfectly straight teeth
and then
all of a sudden I had extra teeth come
in, right? It's very strange.
So, they're crowded. The dentist wanted
to pull them out. I said, "No, thanks."
And so
but I might get them fixed now because
they're actually starting to cause me
some issues.
Um
cuz there're too many teeth in there.
So we'll see what happens. I don't know.
I go to a biological dentist. So he's
kind of a natural-ish dentist. Have you
ever had a cavity filled without
Novocaine? I have.
Maybe the next time you guys see me I'll
have a diamond grill. All right, diamond
plated grill.
Yeah, British people isn't that the
stereotype for having bad teeth as
British?
But who knows? Who knows?
Come on Bitcoin. We need We need a big
old We need something to happen here.
We need something to happen.
Dread loves when people say insert group
people
seem not to blah blah blah seems kind of
racist. Ah, it's not racist, just
stereotypical.
Does he tell you how heart cells are
stored in your teeth?
Uh no, but he's very much against like
tooth extraction and stuff like that
unless it's like absolutely necessary
cuz he thinks it's like linked to
different organs and stuff like this. I
don't know like
you know, it's too much for me. That's
That's too far above. But look, when you
go down the Jason Casper path, you end
up at some weird
>> [music]
>> some weird doctors and dentists, all
right?
You know, you end up at chiropractors
and and dentist/chiropractors
and and dentists that like
talk about your teeth being linked to
all the all your other organs and stuff
like this and
you know,
you know, crazy stuff, right? No
fluoride.
All that kind of stuff.
Can I explain?
>> [music]
[laughter]
>> Shout out to Crypto Clown World. Biology
dentistry is the way to go.
Any Andor thoughts? K-Cron, yeah, we
just looked at Andor and I said it it
does look pretty bullish like
it it looks bullish. There were there
were a few setups that I was looking at
actually.
Um
What were we going to take a look at
here? What were we going to do?
The Klein funding giveaway? Yeah, so
basically Klein is doing five $50,000
account giveaways.
The only thing you need to do is you
have to have had an account in the past,
a funded account that you purchased
through my link or
>> [music]
>> you can get one now and be eligible.
You either need an old count account
number or current account number.
All right.
And for the Ubit giveaway,
you simply just need to sign up to Ubit
using my link.
You get all these welcome bonus things,
VIP eight upgrade,
plus the chance to win $1,000. We'll be
doing that later this week.
That's the deal. All right, we're we're
getting a little drippity drip drop on
the BTC, baby.
Um
Teeth are linked neurologically to the
whole body. Yeah, holistic medicine is
the way to go.
I agree with you there, man. I do. And I
trust my biological dentist. I just I'll
be honest, I don't understand I don't
understand it. I haven't taken the time
to look into it, you know?
I know a little bit about a lot.
But I don't know much about biological
dentistry.
Um
What are my honest thoughts on funded
accounts?
>> [music]
>> Um honestly, I think they are amazing
for people who are just coming into this
game and don't have capital. I mean,
what an amazing opportunity for somebody
coming in, not having capital,
and looking for an actual way to start
building themselves up as a
as a trader.
Right?
As a trader.
You should be
you know, or if you're or if you do have
capital, you want to test a new
strategy, you want to just kind of
challenge yourself, I think they're
awesome. Now, some of them can they be
shady? Sure.
Are they are some of them Ponti's? Yeah.
Are the ones that I work with Ponti's?
To the best of my knowledge and and
ability to know, no, they're not.
They're on the up and up.
Um
they're on the up and up. And um
is is the model
is the model Some people don't like the
model of a prop firm because the prop
firm makes money when people get
wrecked.
The market makes money like that's the
thing, the market
is only tradeable because people get
wrecked.
Right? It's just part of the game.
Right?
So, if you're going to a prop firm and
you want to gamble and get wrecked, then
okay. It's no different than you going
to the market and trading and getting
wrecked.
If you're going to go to a prop firm and
and trade responsibly with good risk
management,
um then
you're not going to get wrecked. Like
it's as simple as that.
Um
My honest thoughts on funded accounts.
I've had teeth filled without Novocaine.
Oh, interesting, David B.
Yeah, I I've had it, too. It's uh
Oh.
Don't don't like that.
Don't like that. But, you know what?
My teeth
>> [music]
>> my teeth
uh according to my biological dentist,
he says are are extremely healthy and
strong. He says
he told me this.
Well, he didn't tell me this. His his
[music] dental practitioner lady girl
who like
takes the sample of the your spit and
put you under the microscope to see what
kind of microorganism She said you must
you must brush like three times a day
and water floss.
I told her I'll be honest with you. I
probably brush my teeth like four times
a week
and I don't ever floss.
And she said it must be your healthy
diet that makes your teeth look like
that.
And I said I do have a very healthy
diet.
She said keep keep eating that healthy
So
the tooth diet the tooth diet [music]
You want to know what the tooth diet is?
Jason Castor the biological dentist who
says his teeth look good.
Just don't eat anything that comes in a
package.
You know, that's the tooth diet. [music]
All right, now we're starting to get a
little bit of a drop here. Let's see if
we can't hit our target. All right.
See if we can't hit our dang target
here. Come on Biddy.
Come on Biddy.
Come on Bitcoin.
Oil pulling, yeah, that's good stuff. I
I do oil pulling sometimes. I should do
it more. My wife always tells me to do
it more. My wife, you know, she's all
about flossing and brushing and oil
pulling [music]
and exfoliating and all this girl stuff.
All right. This girl stuff, I'll tell
you.
Took me a long time when we first got
married to realize
when my wife says she's going to go to
bed
it doesn't mean she's actually going to
go to bed.
All right, when I say I'm going to bed,
I'm going to bed. I'm literally walking
from where I say I'm going to bed into
the bed and I'm closing my eyes and
going to sleep. She says it
she has to go do all this crazy stuff
exfoliations
cream beef tallow and all this
flossing and brushing and
oil pulling. It's like this whole like
3-hour routine.
It's crazy, man. I could never do that.
I could never be a woman.
Can't do it.
That's actually why I stopped being
trans non-carbon binary mission gender
studies.
I just couldn't keep up with all that
stuff.
You know?
Just couldn't keep up with all that.
Oil what? Oil pulling? You never heard
of oil pulling?
Um oil pulling is where you take oil
in your mouth and you swish it around
for like 10 minutes.
All right? It's supposed to be really
good for your teeth. It like pulls all
like the gross stuff out of your gums
and like it removes plaque and all this
and they spit the oil out.
We usually use coconut oil, but I think
you could also use olive oil.
Um
Yeah, but coconut oil that's
The reason why I don't do it is because
I'm too lazy. I'll I'll be honest with
you. Like I know it's healthy for you,
but it it just 10 minutes of swishing
oil
you know? It's it's just too much.
You just use a a twig to clean your
teeth?
Okay. That's cool. That's what's up.
That's what's up.
Damien is not fat. You just identify as
fat.
I identify as fat, too. You're trans
Oh, that's a good one, man. That is a
good one. Trans fat, get it?
Trans fat.
Ah, man, you crack me up. Damien wins.
>> [music]
>> Baking soda and hydrogen peroxide makes
your mouth alkaline. That's good to
know.
I I use this toothpaste. It's like this
uh bentonite clay. Bentonite clay
toothpaste. It's supposed to
remineralize your teeth or whatever.
Um
It's really minty.
Kind I use this minty.
Trans fat. That's funny.
All right, is Bitcoin ever going to
dump, guys? Let's take another Let's
take another poll in the chat. Got my
Bill My Bill Gates voice on.
Let's see. Let's take another poll in
the chat. 50/50 pump or dump. No one
knows what's going on. Neither do I.
2-hour live stream. Don't know what's
going on. You know, typical Jason
Casper.
All right. Uh what were we going to ask?
Forget what we were going to ask.
We're going to take
We're going to take a poll. I forget
what it was.
Will we dump?
Will we dump? All right, we'll do that.
Let's take this poll. All right.
Let's see what you guys say.
All right, David B uses bentonite clay.
That's what's up.
You made up that joke yourself? That's
good, man. That's a good one.
That's a good one.
All right, so 65% say yes. All right,
let's do it, baby. Let's take a Let's
take a dump together.
All right. #takeadumptogether
Are hashtags a thing anymore? They're
really not, right? That's That's another
thing that's changed.
Take a dump
together.
>> #takeadumptogether
Yeah, hashtags aren't a thing anymore.
You know?
It's kind of sad. I miss them.
I miss hashtags.
All right, guys. Let's take a dump
together.
It's about time
we take a dump together.
Why did I stop posting in the scalp
group? I've been scalping. Simple as
that. When I scalp, I'll post, man.
I have not been scalping. I I have to be
feeling it. I have to be feeling it,
man.
I have to be feeling it. I haven't taken
a scalp in a long time.
I don't drink hay.
I don't drink hay, but I I do uh
I do grow hay.
I don't drink it. I don't eat it.
Take a dump in the bushes?
Nah, I don't I don't dump in the bushes.
Nah, only in the [music] woods. Only in
the woods. hydroxy
apatite hydroxyapatite appetite
is good.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of hydroxyapatite, guys.
What I think about VooMee and Shoe
Cipher?
Don't like it.
Nah, I'd rather have the real the real
deal. You know what I'm saying?
I'd rather have that filet mignon
instead of that chopped
chopped up high-fat
non-organic grain-fed ground beef.
That's what I'll tell you.
What do I think of random time frames
like the 80-minute when we chop like
this? I don't know, man. Houston, I have
never
I've never really back-tested those, but
this is like some of the most
frustrating lame price action I've ever
seen in my life. You know, this only
happens before a giant juicy massive
move.
A giant juicy massive move, all right? A
GJMM. A GJMM.
GJMM GJMM GJMM GJMM GJMM GJMM a GJMM
apatite [music] Yep. apatite
hydroxyapatite
remineralizing toothpaste Okay,
interesting.
It's up only, says Juan Estrada. Well,
let's see. Let's see what happens.
You thought I didn't have the homestead
yet?
Are you kidding me? I've had this
homestead since 2018.
I've had this since 2018.
Yeah.
The market is waiting for earnings.
Well, we got 3 hour We got 2 hours. We
got 2 hours.
Why no fun AI songs? Is it because I'm a
good rapper?
Uh I don't know, Dave Digital. I think
it's just because as a as an actual
musician, I just
I don't know. I've always wanted to do
something myself, but obviously I'm
never going to get around to it. So,
that's why. I always think I would love
to do something myself.
I know that uh
It'd be so much cooler to have like an
album of crypto [music]
music that was actually
recorded and written by actual dudes
and ladies in the crypto space. That
would be pretty cool. Wouldn't [music]
that be cool?
We could make it happen, too.
I know Trader Joe's into the music
stuff.
You know, I'm into the music stuff.
You know, I had a studio in my in my
garage here, but I had to get rid of it
because it was moldy from
the old apartment I used to live in. It
wasn't an apartment. It was the
downstairs floor of a house and the
radiators burst and
long story short, all my equipment got
moldy.
You're shorting Zcash.
Rob Z06, okay. Well, I hope it works out
for you.
The vibes are good for a freestyle.
Here's the thing. I need I need somebody
to give me the title of a YouTube video,
royalty-free beat that freestyle over.
And if I feel something in my soul,
then I'll be able to drop a freestyle.
Right now,
I'm not really feeling it. I'm not
feeling this beat, all right?
Matt Corrs has made loads of trader
music. It's all AI made.
Yeah, I guess I could, right? Everyone's
got it now. Everyone's got their own AI
thing.
Shoutout to Manipulator Crypto.
I have no idea what you're saying, but
cool. Thanks for Thanks for contributing
to the chat. I hope you're not a
a spammer or a scammer.
I don't think you are. I think you're
talking to Cryptobez.
Why does Cryptoface
Why does Crypto
face use the free one?
Cryptoface don't use the free one.
Shout out to Lucky Jim Bob.
Can you do a video on how to connect an
Arctic and load money and start trading?
Yeah, I do actually have a video on it,
man. I actually do. It's in the crypto
free course.
Um is this a rejection or a correction?
Uh I'm not sure. So, that's why I'm in a
short here.
He said if there are Russian-speaking
people. Oh, okay. Cool.
Um
All right, let's see. [music]
If this beat makes me feel something in
my soul, all right.
Shout out to Andre.
Andre.
>> [music]
>> Uh
>> Hey yo, big shout to my [music] man
Andre. We got Goku coming [singing] out
to play. Goku and Piccolo and Vegeta or
whatever his name [music] is. You know
we don't play. We're hanging out and you
know my name is Trading Master J on the
treadmill [music] making profits every
day. I give it to you straight. You know
I never give it gay. About to dump down
to 76 [singing] A down [music] below.
The market maker's coming out.
Listen to my crypto flow. Don't pout.
You You to smile. [music] You got to be
happy Cuz [singing] the Bitcoin price is
looking so sappy like the love letter
that I wrote to 6180. [singing]
I said, "Hey girl, you're so beautiful.
I want to meet you. We could [music]
hang out after school and get some
pizza." She said,
"Jay, you know I don't [music] eat the
pizza.
All I want to do is deep cha. I want to
get away. Jay Casper out here. [singing]
We don't play." She said, "I'm vegan and
I'm gluten-free. Jason Casper, get away
from me. I can see you [music] over here
on the TV talking about the trading
[singing] view. Between you and me, we
got the
candles turning blue. Then they turning
purple. We got a slushy. [music] I like
to slurp your 7-Eleven. We're going
straight up to heaven like we're bending
the trend and like we want to do [music]
it 11 times. 11, 12, 13, 14. We're
eating filet mignon. You know what I
mean. We're at the steakhouse.
[music and singing] We got some wine.
It's looking fine. We got the pasta. I
want to make you mine. The key lime pie.
We got the yellow trend line. [music]
Jay Casper, the boy is so dang fly. We
got the little bull flag popping out
about to hit the resistance and then we
start to [music] shout, "Hey Jay, you
know what we doing today? We're going
outside and you know we're going to play
cuz we go through the door. It's a
Wednesday. [music]
Tomorrow's Thursday. We got the Friday.
Here we go. The yellow core coming
[music and singing] out looking so dang
orange. I'm eating some porridge. I'm
hanging out with my good friend. His
name is George. He [singing] comes in
the [music] door and rips it off the
door hinge. He says, "Hey yo Jay, we got
to talk. Sit down outside. I heard your
chicken squawk. So I picked him up.
[music] I broke his neck. I plucked out
his feathers. I made some fried chicken.
How about the weather? It's so [music]
nice. Partly sunny. A little bit cloudy.
Next thing I know we start shouting at
each other. How could you kill my
chicken like that, bro?
What do you think?
That's [music] not how you go. You come
to my house. You pluck out my chicken's
[singing] feathers. How dare you sit
down and talk about the weather? I
kicked him [music] out. I said, "Go back
[singing] home." Now, sit down, relax,
and listen to J-Casper throw on the
price. You know, [singing] it's nice.
It's cold as ice. We're looking twice or
maybe [music] thrice. Chicken and rice.
We got the broccoli and the bro food so
tight. It's so tight. It's so loose.
[music]
Making change in the caboose.
>> [singing]
>> In the train, in the back, in the front,
got the engine. The Bitcoin [music]
price, will we change direction? Yeah,
you know we change direction. We coming
down. Can you even hear the sound?
Kapow! [music] The Bitcoin price going
straight into the ground. Next thing you
know, I got a turtle going to spin
around. [music] Eating circles just like
Steve Urkle. They call me Jason Casper.
He's such a Herculean.
>> [music]
>> Hercules, I give you cheese. Baby,
please. I'm on my knees. Don't you know
we rub it then we get the short squeeze.
>> [music]
>> Maybe long squeeze to the downside. Like
the water slide. Got to let it ride. Got
to [music and singing] take your time.
Go inside to side. Hopefully it's
smooth. Hopefully we glide. We fly high.
We're like the kite. Up in the air.
Jason Casper, hope you're not scared.
[music] Sit back, relax in your
underwear. I could see you over there
sitting in your nice chair. Got the lazy
[music] boy then you pull the legs back,
recline back. Next thing I know we sound
check coming out [music] to the pine
tree. We got the needles. Squeeze it,
smell it. It smells like a weedle. Talk
about the Pokémon weedle catcher [music]
pre. Evolves to Metapod and Butterfree.
Baby, sit back, relax, get away from me.
Here we go. [music]
Got to climb the tree.
The beat drops again. Making profits
about to buy a new Benz. [music]
Mercedes Benz with my good [singing]
friends. Hanging out with Ted, John, and
Bill, and Fred, and Ben. [music]
We got the rock on the ground. And baby,
can you even even hear the sound of
J-Casper [music]
hitting the gas, revving the engine
around town, going through the red
lights then we pound. Oh, no. I'm
driving [music] through the car
[singing] getting alert on my phone. We
went so far. I see we got a trading
alert. We're at resistance. Got a trade
and drive, we go the distance. [music] I
pull out my phone, [singing] I got a
scroll, open up the Bybit app. Jason
Casper, who cares who's in the back? The
cops [music] are coming to pull me over.
I'm trading and driving, but don't you
know that's how we make profits and we
thriving.
>> [music]
>> Get into a crash, the car flips over. It
doesn't matter. They call me Mr. Grover
cuz I'm trading and driving and know we
got it inside and then the cops say,
"Hey Jay, what you doing? [music]
Trading and riding?" The cop comes out,
he says, "Walk the white line." I'm
drunk on the candles, officer. Give me
some time. He said, [singing and music]
"You can't trade and drive. It's against
the law."
Okay.
Thanks, man. That beat did kind of make
me feel something, honestly.
All right.
That kind of was a good beat, all right.
Um shout out to Ant Terry for the good
beat.
Uh
it's too quiet. Oh, well. I'm sorry,
guys.
We'll have to listen back and see if it
was too quiet.
See.
We'll listen back to our own stream.
We'll stream the stream. We'll stream
the stream.
Um shout out to Ant Terry.
Lazy boy, then you [music] pull the legs
back for flying back. Next thing I know,
we sound check coming out to the pine
tree. We got the needles. Squeeze it,
[music] smell it. It smells like a
[singing] weed. No, it's not so bad.
No, it's actually pretty good. Sounds
pretty good to me.
You know.
No, it sounds pretty good. You can't
trade and drive, it's against the law.
Yeah, I know. I know it's against the
law. Um
let's see what we got here.
Let's see. See what we got here.
I can't even find it. I can't even find
it.
Look at this. I got picture of Flopping
Groper right here.
Shout out to Flopping Groper.
Nick Cypher.
Got a beautiful picture of Nick Cypher.
Can't you see how beautiful that is?
Can't even see it. I can't even see it
either.
Takes a long time to load. You know,
it's pretty crazy. Look at this picture.
Jason Casper trying to make YouTube
thumbnails. You know what I'm saying?
Look at this. You guys see that?
You know what that is?
You guys know what that is?
That is some really bad eczema.
That is some really bad eczema on my
shoulder.
Now, thanks the Lord I don't have eczema
currently, but
I go through some phases with the
eczema.
Well, I did in the past. It's diet
related. So, I got to really clean up my
diet. You know what it is, guys?
Processed food. Processed food. I'm
telling you. You think You think you can
eat processed food. You think I work
out. I'm healthy.
I eat healthy food, too. I can have a
little bit of organic
processed food. No. Can't do that.
You guys can't do that. You're going to
wreck yourself.
Better check yourself before you wreck
yourself.
>> [music]
>> That's a good beat, by the way. Thank
you so much for that.
We're starting to drop.
We're starting to drop, baby.
Fanny [music]
956 is long on Zcash and hype.
That's funny. Someone else just shorted
Zcash.
Well, you're long in the top, but the
trend is your friend until the end, they
say. You know what I'm saying?
You're living off beef, eggs, and cheese
lately. That's what's up, man. That's
what's up. Yeah, that picture was
probably back in 2021-ish.
Maybe 2022.
I went through a really unhealthy phase
when I first started this YouTube
channel, guys.
When I first started this YouTube
channel, I went through a very unhealthy
phase. Sitting down, first of all, to do
all the work.
Um and sitting down and caffeinating
myself and not sleeping well and
>> [music]
>> just you know, I've gone through so many
phases,
but
>> [music]
>> thankfully what what kept me going
through that time was consistent
exercise. And it's the it's the habits
that keep you afloat during the bad
times, right? Um, [music]
but yeah, so that's that's why
I started getting on a recumbent bike
to do my work [music] and then
eventually a walking treadmill desk and
um
then really just cleaning up the diet,
too.
Like
Now I have to say for the past 3 years,
my diet's been pretty much
pretty much
spot on. I I
>> [music]
>> Could be oxalate vegetables. Definitely
was not the oxalate vegetables, uh David
Bramblebo. I'll tell you what it is.
I'll tell you what it was.
It was I was eating lots of or- organic
[music]
refined grains and things that came in
like
boxes and packages
because
I was putting my health to the side for
the sake of work.
Um
Yeah, so [music] like organic sugar,
organic coconut sugar,
um organic seed oils.
You know,
that kind of stuff. You go down a
slippery slope with that stuff, you
know.
>> [music]
>> But yeah,
it is a beautiful day, honestly.
You don't have space for a treadmill,
Chris Swimmer? Well, look what else you
could do, man. You could just walk
around. Now, it is hard to type like
this. I'm not going to lie, you know. It
is hard to type like this, but you could
just walk around.
A treadmill doesn't really take up that
much space, you know. Back when I was in
Cuba
when I was in Cuba, I had a um
Let's see here.
See here. Let's see.
See here.
Let's see if I can find a live stream
from Cuba.
Yeah, let's see.
Now, this is before I was in Cuba.
See. This is Cuban live streams.
Here we go.
Yeah, here we go.
This This office right here You feel
good, man.
This is just uh obviously a green
screen.
>> Cadillac Escalade But uh this was
literally in a closet inside my
bathroom, all right? [music]
Literally in a closet inside my
bathroom. You can make it work, man. I
had so little space in there, I'll tell
you. It was crazy.
The reason why
I was in a closet, well, look, I was in
Cuba. Space was limited, all right?
But yeah, you can make it work. You can
make it work, man. You don't need a lot
of space.
These treadmills are small. You can get
the They're smaller, but they're curved.
Um
When am I buying into the OGs like
Cardano?
Um the egg code, Larry Garcia, is China.
Um
Look, I'm not really
>> [music]
>> I'm not really looking to buy any of
these assets, all right? I'm loaded up
from 2022. I'm looking for new highs
only.
But if they go back down to their 2022
lows,
I swear I would buy or close to it,
supports, you know?
You have to cut out organic kombucha.
They pest test positive for uh the
forever chemicals, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, now I'm out of the closet. I'm out
of the closet. It is what it is. Like, I
just couldn't take it anymore.
I couldn't hide from you guys. You guys
thought I was living a lie.
You guys thought it was a real office. I
know nobody thought it was a green
screen at all.
Everyone thought it was a real office,
so I had to come clean.
You know.
Help says I'm going to get clapped.
You had psoriasis, you had to cut out
the dairy, says Memory Man. Yes,
definitely not dairy. I'm It's
definitely not dairy. It's definitely
not eggs. It's definitely not
vegetables, and I know that because
I eat so much dairy, so much dairy.
>> [music]
>> I I probably eat like a whole
dang block of cheese
in like 2 days.
I drink raw milk.
I uh I eat yogurt. I eat cottage cheese.
Um it's not eggs. I eat tons of eggs
every day.
Um it's the processed crap. That's what
it is. It's the processed crap.
You know.
But, yeah, thankfully, and I'm very
thankful that I don't react badly to
dairy cuz I know a lot of people have
issues, but I don't know.
Dairy and me are just
we're like this. I love dairy. I love
dairy. I mean,
I love eggs and dairy so much because I
think to myself, you know,
I've said this before, but
I know no no no offense to any vegans in
here. Like, I know Memory Man's a
healthy vegan, but
I remember when I was uh exploring
veganism,
one of the one of the reasons
and I'm not saying it's a good reason,
but one of the reasons vegans
would say why you should go vegan is
because they say we're the only species
that drinks another
animal's milk.
And they say, "Why would you want to
drink something that makes a baby calf
gain 700 lb in 2 years?"
And I think to myself, that's exactly
what I want to be drinking. Like, I want
to be drinking something that has enough
nutrients
to cause a baby cow to turn into a bull
so that bull Bitcoin can hit new
all-time high in a bull market. And I
want to be eating eggs that has enough
nutrients to make an egg turn into a
cock-a-doodle-doo, baby.
You know, look at this.
See my under jiggles?
You guys see the under jiggles here?
Let's see.
You know how roosters have those things
underneath their chin? I got it, too.
Look at that. It's from all the eggs.
Cock-a-doodle-doo.
Look at that.
Cock-a-doodle-doo. Cock-a-doodle-doo.
It's from all the eggs.
You know what I'm saying?
Jason did a day in life from a car
dealership. That's true, and I've done
lives from the road.
I'll do them from anywhere, man.
Scott sauerkraut. Oh, man, I love me
some sauerkraut. My wife makes the best
sauerkraut with Celtic sea salt
and she makes all the lacto-fermented
stuff.
She makes pickles.
She makes sauerkraut.
Man, I love that stuff. I eat tons of
sauerkraut every single day.
Gluten? Is it gluten?
I don't think it's gluten. May- Maybe it
is. I don't know cuz I don't I I don't
eat wheat really. And if I do eat wheat,
it's just sourdough bread. So, it could
it could have been gluten, yeah. Could
have been gluten.
Um [music]
Yeah, could have been gluten.
But, whatever.
Right now, the diet I'm on right now, I
love I love the diet I'm on. I couldn't
be any better.
Taste amazing. Feels amazing.
And the best part about the diet I'm on
is as a former fat kid,
as a former fat guy, there's literally
zero restrictions. Like zero
restrictions. All right. Like
I can eat as much as I want until I'm
totally full and satisfied. [music]
There's no like
this whole
you know, caloric restriction and which
is really just nutrient restriction if
you think about it. People that eat and
stay hungry after cuz they're trying to
be lean. That's nutrient restriction,
right?
>> [music]
>> I'm so dang Well, I'm I'm not super
lean,
but
I'm lean enough
where I'm totally like happy with with
my leanness and being able to eat like
5,000 calories a day
and be super lean. That's the way to go.
That is the way to go.
>> [music]
>> Shout out to this person who says,
"People say humans are the only species
that do that are retards. Ants literally
farm aphids and drink their honeydew."
That's
That's so interesting.
Pomegranates are healthy? That's cool.
Sauerkraut and bacon. I mean, I don't
eat bacon, but I'm sure it probably
tastes good.
I put sauerkraut on ground beef and I
also love to eat sauerkraut on zucchini
squash.
Like
I eat so much zucchini squash. I grow so
much zucchini squash. Bushels and
bushels.
What I do is I chop up the zucchinis in
half.
I either bake them in the oven or grill
them on the grill, and then I put
sauerkraut on top of the zucchini.
Eat that thing like a like a hot dog or
whatever.
You know what I'm saying?
You still don't know if unpasteurized is
safe or not. Are you talking about milk
or eggs?
Talking about milk or eggs?
Cuz unpasteurized eggs
I mean, I [snorts] have I eat eggs I I
honestly I'll be I get a little reckless
with my eggs. I literally get an egg
covered in
in you know what, fecal matter.
And I'll literally just crack that I
don't wash it. I just crack it in the
dang pan and eat it with runny yolks
or a hard boil it with poop on the dang
egg and wipe it off before I
before [laughter] I crack it open.
Man, I'm reckless with it. So, the eggs
I think if you have healthy chickens
living out here in the middle of
nowhere, I think you're good. Like, if
you don't know where the eggs come from,
that's different. But, my chickens, man,
they definitely
you know, they don't have no
whatever the chickens have, citronella.
Citronella, you know, the stuff that
keeps mosquitoes away. Just kidding.
[music]
Salmonella.
Uh or E. coli or whatever.
Um
Yeah, organic's a scam, honestly. It
really is.
Am I on a keto diet? Heck, no. I'm on
the opposite of a keto diet. I'm on a
high carbohydrate diet. Super high carb
diet. I'm talking anywhere between 4
to 700 g of carbs a day. All right? A
low carb day for me is like 350 carbs.
All right?
If I'm like sitting down doing nothing
for that day, I eat 350 carbs.
If it's an active day, if I'm lifting
and sprinting and doing a live stream
where I'm walking, I could be eating 700
carbs, 750 carbs.
You know, high carb.
I'm all about the high carbs, baby.
Soft-boiled eggs, that is what's [music]
up. That is my favorite kind of egg, the
soft-boiled egg. You crack it open, the
egg white's cooked, and the yolk is
runny. That's so damn good. Take some
ground [music] beef
and put the the eggs in there, mix it
all up, put some sauerkraut,
and some zucchinis, and some sweet
potatoes. That's what's up.
You know?
You're under 15 total grams per day.
Most of those are from eggs or cheese.
That is crazy, David.
I mean, if you're feeling good on that,
God bless you, bro. God bless you.
I don't think I could function on 15 g
of carbs per day.
What are the best carb sources? I mean,
for me,
my favorite carb sources are
number one, [music]
um
I'm not going to include vegetables in
this list, okay?
Potatoes and sweet potatoes
and then after that
quinoa
and buckwheat. Buckwheat is kind of high
in oxalates. Quinoa is a little bit
better, but buckwheat [music] I like
buckwheat.
So, potatoes and sweet potatoes, quinoa
and buckwheat and popcorn.
Those are like my favorite carb sources.
Oh, and fruit.
>> [music]
>> Tons of fruit,
like tons of fruit. Berries,
uh apples, bananas, all that stuff.
Mostly berries, apples, bananas,
pomegranates,
um mangoes,
bananas, kiwi fruits,
pineapples, like any kind of fruit
really.
Any kind of fruit.
Yeah, fruits.
I probably get half my carbs from fruit
and the other half from potatoes, sweet
potatoes, quinoa,
and like popcorn and stuff.
I just watched a documentary on how
Disney World stops mosquitoes.
They use chickens all around the outside
of the park and test their blood every
day for Zika. Interesting.
Interesting. Yeah, I remember the whole
Zika scare.
I remember that Zika scare.
Can you have Mickey D's in your diet?
No, can't. I'm sorry.
No.
But it is pretty crazy to me, like
What's Here's what's Here's what's crazy
to me. What's crazy to me is how
how um
effortless it can be to feel good and
look jacked
and have tons of energy
if you just like eat a clean diet, but
it's hard to do. Like it's hard to do.
But if you just eat whole unprocessed
foods,
you can pretty much eat as much as you
want.
And if you just like sleep right, do
some exercise, and like be active,
you'll you'll be pretty like jacked.
This is coming from a guy, remember, who
literally
my physique was a grapefruit with
toothpicks sticking out. Massive fat
torso, skinny arms and legs.
Couldn't even do a single push-up.
Couldn't even run a quarter mile.
All right?
So,
Oh, you got type 1, Jesse Gould. Well,
that's a totally different story, man.
That's a totally different story.
What are my thoughts on retatrutide?
I [sighs]
think that it's probably a bad idea. All
right? I probably I think that any any
peptide
that people are taking, unless it's a
really serious situation where like
you need it
for a quick fix and then you're going to
go natural,
I I I
I I'm very wary of these things. I'm
very wary of these things.
That's just me, all right? Very wary of
all that stuff.
Looks like this bull flag is breaking
out now.
Now, admittedly, I don't know very much
about these things. I don't. But I I
just
there's a give and take with everything.
All right? The the GLP-1s and
you know, they they they they're linked
to some issues. I I personally know some
people who have some serious issues from
taking these
peptides. Kidney failure. I know a lady
who I literally has kidney failure from
Ozempic.
I know retatrutide is different than
Um
digestive issues, pancreas issues, like
And I know what you're going to say,
"Oh, it's just amino acids."
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't I don't trust
that. Everything in life is give and
take.
All right? If there's something that's
going to do something to you, like
decrease your appetite, decrease the
speed in which food go through your
stomach,
there's going to be some kind of take
somewhere else. And you might not know
what that take is until later, and it
might be too late. You might find out,
you know what?
This thing it gave me wasn't worth what
it took for me.
>> [music]
>> When in reality, I'm I'm I'm pretty
convinced like
if people just start
And it's That's the thing.
You got to be in it for the long game.
But if you just start to like live a
healthier life
in general,
look back in 10 years. Look back in 10
years. Like, I look back in 10 years
at my own self, like a 25-year-old guy,
as a I'm about to be 36 in August, all
right? I'm leaner,
I'm stronger, I have more energy, I feel
better.
Um
I've got more muscle.
And it's not because of anything I took
or I've literally
you know, most people in their 20s, it's
all downhill after that. But for me,
it's
I've improved. And it's just because of
lifestyle change. Like
>> [music]
>> And in my 20s compared to my teens, sh-
massive difference. I mean,
when I was 15, I was very out of shape.
Couldn't run a quarter mile. Couldn't do
a single push-up.
Was super obese,
>> [music]
>> you know?
No muscle.
Um
just like
you know?
So, for me, I
it's the lifestyle. Changes everything.
GLP-1 hollows your bones.
Yeah, I hear that stuff, right?
You love bagels here and addict? I used
to be a bagel addict myself.
Bullish on parade. Here's what you got
to do. You got to figure out things
You got to figure out things that you
truly love and enjoy.
And then the diet becomes a a pleasure.
Like I'm I'm not even kidding. Like as
much as I love bagels
and don't get me wrong. I'm I love my I
love bagels, okay?
Love them. Love them.
The just the fact that I know that if I
were to eat some bagels today
that I would feel like crap tomorrow.
I would feel like crap tomorrow.
And
it wouldn't be worth it, right? But I
could make something like for example, I
could take some sprouted
quinoa flour.
This is probably going to sound terrible
to most people. Mix it with water, crack
an egg in there, all right?
And then just cook that in a pan or like
put it in the toaster oven and turn it
into a bread.
>> [music]
>> Turn it to a bread and then put some
This is going to sound crazy. Put some
cottage cheese on it. Put some
Greek yogurt on it.
Put some blueberries on it.
To me, that tastes amazing, all right?
To me, that that's just as good as a
bagel.
I'm not even kidding, right?
Or like ice cream. For me, ice cream a
big weakness. So, instead, the full-fat
Greek yogurt
uh with a whole bunch of fruit and maybe
some almond butter or some peanut
butter. To me, I I love that. I love
that so much. I like it just as much as
I don't even get tempted to eat ice
cream because I know if I eat ice cream
to the point that I didn't want to eat
ice cream anymore
I would feel horrible. And then the next
day I would feel horrible.
And it would be like this this down this
this downhill cycle of like I feel
horrible after eating it. The next day I
feel horrible. I'm bloated. I'm
inflamed. That's going to make my
workouts not good. It's going to make my
sleep not good. It's just It's not worth
it. But Greek yogurt and berries and
almond butter, I could literally eat
that until I don't want to eat
Greek yogurt, berries, and almond butter
anymore.
I've eaten way less calories, way less
sugar, tons more protein, tons more
micro and micronutrients, right?
>> [music]
>> And the next day I feel amazing.
Amazing.
You know what I'm saying? Um
Keemstar tastes like soap? Maybe.
Maybe.
What was I on? Parade is 52? You're 52,
bro? That's crazy. I didn't know you
were 52.
You have a four-pack? That's what's up.
That's what's up.
Once Dad said, "If you're ever afraid or
not able to do something in life, eat
two whole raw eggs in the morning as
soon as you wake up to make sure you
have a pair." That's so funny.
That's so funny. What is the area code?
It's China.
All right, it's China.
Do I still fast? Yeah.
Yeah, I'm big into fasting for spiritual
reasons. I think fasting and prayer is a
something that
if you're a follower of Jesus, it should
be part of your your life.
Um
and I think fasting has a lot of
benefits physically as well.
I was doing a lot more fasting until
recently.
I was doing a
So I I lost like a
not quite 15 lb
in 6 weeks.
And uh
I was doing uh fasting
to help me do that.
Um but in general
um
yeah, fasting is very important for for
spiritual purposes as well as it can be
very healthy for physical purposes.
You know what I'm talking about?
>> [music and singing]
>> All right, Nvidia earnings in an hour
and a half.
You did a three-day water fast a few
weeks ago, feels great. It really does
feel great
when you're done with that fast.
>> [singing]
>> Yeah, it's real important, I think, to
go through phases of overfeeding and
underfeeding, in my in my opinion. I I I
enjoy doing that. Like right now, I'm
enjoying overfeeding myself
after 6 weeks of underfeeding myself.
Yeah, China is correct, all right.
Yeah, praying and fasting, absolutely,
100%. I mean,
it is a biblical practice. In my
opinion, it is a commanded practice,
>> [music]
>> in my opinion.
People have different opinions.
You're 37 in June, that's what's up,
bro.
Yeah, alcohol messes up your day.
Yeah, you know, one of the main reasons
I gave up alcohol, and I I never had an
issue with like actually [music]
drinking to drunkenness, all right? I I
I I was never big into getting drunk,
ever.
Um but,
even just like one or two drinks,
it it would mess with me. I'm like, you
know what?
It's not worth As much as I love a night
a good Blue Moon or a Guinness or a good
scotch,
uh or a nice glass of dry red wine, it's
just not worth it for me.
>> [music]
>> Um
Yeah.
Zack Baker's 37 in June, too. We're all
We're all We're all pushing the big 4-0,
guys, except Boson Frey.
He's already been there. What's it like,
Boson Frey?
>> [music]
>> What's the big 4-0 like?
Dave Digital's problem is drinking way
past drunkenness.
Man, that's that's crazy. I I know a lot
of people who had that problem, and I'm
thankful I never had that problem. I I I
don't think I just couldn't do it. I
just
I couldn't do it. I don't think my body
would let me do that.
Uh
Guinness Zero, yeah. I've had a
The last time I drank a full beer was
actually
was a Blue Moon Zero, and I thought to
myself, this is such a a millennial
drink.
I I'm like the the This is
Previous generations would never be down
for an alcohol-free beer like that,
you know?
All you had was O'Doul's
back in the day, and I'm like, man, this
just shows that my generation
>> [music]
>> is tired of being hungover, but we still
like beer.
All right, Jose is 23. God bless you.
Jesse Gallic is will be 31 in August.
41 is the new 21. I I kind of feel that
way, like
a lot of people I know are like in their
70s. I'm like, there's no way. I feel
like y'all are 50. I I feel like there's
70s the new 50, 40s the new 20.
>> [music]
>> Right?
20s the new 7.
You're addicted to bread and butter
pickles. Those are pretty tasty.
Shout out to James Quick Business. Three
years sober.
God bless you, man.
Shout out to Gaddafi who's 46 with a
six-pack and eats healthy. That's what's
up. I I I pray by the Lord's grace I'm
also 46 with a six-pack and eat healthy.
You know?
Lido Flow says
we get more handsome by the day.
You like the taste of hops?
I like the taste of hops, too.
You know?
I really do.
Fanny, 31 in June.
Uh welcome to your 30s. You're
officially in your 30s now. You're not
just 30.
You're not just 30, you're in your 30s.
I feel 40. I feel 40. I I feel 50. I
feel 50.
Honestly, I feel 50.
I look at my life.
Basically 50. I'm basically 50.
>> [music]
>> You know?
I do feel like time is going so fast.
That's why I feel 50. I mean, I'm about
to be 36. What the heck? [music] What
the heck? Like yesterday I was 26, now
I'm 36. How did that happen?
You know? How did that happen?
Do I watch TV? I don't. I'm sorry.
I don't watch TV. I'm a loser. I'm a
total loser.
I don't watch TV. I don't watch movies.
I don't even really listen to music. I'm
an absolute loser.
I'm super lame. I'm so lame.
I don't even want to watch my life. So
[music] lame.
>> The truth is, you do feel 50, but not
the same way you think you feel 50. 50
feels very similar to 30s and 40s.
That's kind of how I think that when
you're 50, it's kind of the same as the
30s and 40s.
And then 60, 70, 80, that's when things
like kind of change.
What do I think about people pre-flood
living so long?
I think there was something different in
the atmosphere
or something
that kept them living long. Cuz, you
know, Shem, Ham, and and Japheth, like
Noah's kids,
they lived until like their 500s, 600s.
>> [music]
>> But after that, there was a quick
drop-off, so
there's probably something in the
environment that changed or magnetic
field or pressure or something, I don't
know.
>> [music]
>> But that's what I think about it.
Spending time with the family is not
lame.
I mean, I agree with you. I agree with
you. But just in general, like I I feel
lame. Like I I feel lame.
How much time in my day is dedicated to
prayer and worship?
Not as much as Not as much as there as
it should be.
Which is a That's That's That's the same
for all of us, honestly.
We all need more prayer and time with
the Lord.
We all need more of that.
So.
Right now, to be honest with you, I'm
praying
first thing in the morning. I always
pray first thing in the morning.
I go outside Right now, that's nice out.
I go outside and just sit there
with a coffee and I pray.
Um
and then usually in the evenings is when
I do uh Bible study.
I'm a big fan of Bible study.
I'm a pretty big Bible nerd myself.
I'm a Bible nerd.
All right?
>> [laughter]
>> Houston says, "When that much water
enters a bowl it changes pressure."
Yeah.
Memory Man says, "47 is no big deal."
Man, I I I I pray that the Lord has
mercy and favor on me to feel like that
at 47.
Memory Man.
You want another Billy Casper video? I
did just upload
video to my Bible channel. I did upload
upload a new video
to my Bible channel.
It's about
Pentecost.
About Pentecost.
Let's see here.
Billy Casper
Bible channel.
>> [music]
>> This one right here.
Check it out.
2 days ago, baby.
2 days ago, all right?
If I'm on the treadmill who's trading?
That's a good question. I don't know.
>> Chris says that animals and plants were
big before the flood. Interesting.
[music]
I've heard stuff like that, too. I don't
know. Like, I don't know for sure, but
they're all interesting things to think
about, for sure.
Um
Strange thumbnail for that channel. Is
that a strange thumbnail?
It's uh Mount Sinai
and it's supposed to be
Yeah, yeah, this is a strange You know
what else is strange about this
thumbnail? Is they messed up the 10
Commandments.
>> [music]
>> It uh
You can't really see it from here
because um
Let's see. Let's see if I can find it.
Let's see.
I don't know.
See if I can find it.
>> [music]
>> No, I can't find it.
I can't find it. That's weird.
Oh, cuz I don't think I edited it, but
um
Yeah, they messed up the 10
Commandments. Like, it says
says Anochi Adonai
on the right side, but then it just goes
to Lo Tirtzach, Lo Tinof, Lo Tiknov, and
then it the second tablet starts with,
you know,
Lo Tirtzach. They They're They messed up
the 10 Commandments, all right? AI
doesn't know the 10 Commandments.
It is a strange thumbnail.
Looks like Bitcoin's going to pump here.
Do I think dinosaurs are real? I don't
know, Juan Estrada. I I don't know.
I have I have different theories and I
don't I I haven't settled on one.
Either dinosaurs
existed
And then I have so many different
theories. I'm not sure. I don't know
what's real. I don't know what's real.
All right.
What's up?
What?
Um
was um
was Jesus in the scene?
Uh I don't I don't think he was.
Uh he seemed to
he seemed to be down with the way the
Pharisees did stuff to be honest.
Um
he celebrated Passover when they did.
he still
told people after he healed them, he
said, "Now go to the priests and do what
Moses commanded you." If he was an
Essene, he wouldn't have said that.
All right, cuz they rejected the
priesthood because it was it was
corrupt.
So, interestingly enough, and I think
this is very interesting,
Jesus knew knowing
the corruption that existed within the
priesthood, within
the Sanhedrin,
still respected the office
because it had been ordained by God. I
think that's very interesting.
Um
but I don't think he was an Essene.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have
been involved in that in that in in the
system that was in Jerusalem.
Right? He would have been out there in
Qumran.
Do I believe in dinosaur bones?
I don't know.
That might sound really ignorant, but
look, I've never seen a dinosaur bone.
And when I look into these old
archaeological discoveries, some of the
most famous ones turned out to be
forgeries.
>> [music]
>> And it is really strange to me that the
no one's digging up dinosaur bones ever
until all of a sudden in the 1800s
archaeologists start getting a whole
bunch of government money to go find
dinosaurs. And then all of a sudden
everyone's finding dinosaurs everywhere.
There's a big competition.
The bone wars. And they find like a
tooth
and like a finger.
And they're like, "Ah, we discovered a
new
a new dinosaur." And they like fill in
the gaps with like
papier-mâché. I don't know. It just
>> [music]
>> I don't know. Maybe. I I don't know.
You know, I don't know.
Am I Messianic Jew? If so, how do I feel
about the state of Israel?
That's a very complex uh
topic, especially for this channel. But
long story short,
>> [music]
>> um
the I I believe all governments are
evil. All right?
>> [music]
>> I believe
that
any political or religious movement that
is not based on
the truth of Jesus Christ, Yeshua the
Messiah, is antichrist.
Um
that includes any government,
any political [music] movement,
right?
So, that would include the Israeli
government.
That would include
um
That would include Zionism as a
political ideology, right? [music]
Now, at the same time,
uh scripture is very clear
that the physical descendants of
Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob
>> [music]
>> uh
God made a covenant with them, and that
covenant is irrevocable.
All right? That covenant cannot be taken
away.
It's their covenant.
The nations can be grafted into the
covenant.
>> [music]
>> The covenants.
But it's still their covenant.
And at a future time
there's going to be a
a great recognition by the physical
descendants of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob
that
Jesus is their Messiah. All right, in
fact
this video right here is all about that.
All right? The Torah portion Vayigash.
All right, go go watch this if you want
a more in-depth
talk on that on that.
All right?
But yeah, right now
I think it's pretty clear that the
the state
of Israel as a state
right? They're not even trying to submit
themselves to the Torah.
Right? They're they're completely
secular.
They're
it's a secular government. No no more
righteous or evil than the United States
government or any other government.
That's the thing.
All political systems are corrupt,
right?
So
you kind of got to
you kind of have to be very careful when
you're dissecting these types of things
because
um
Again, I'm not going to get into it too
much here, but you could go watch that
video if you want.
Um
Is the true Israel the church consisting
of Gentiles and Jews?
I would say the true church
is Israel consisting of Gentiles and
Jews. All right? I I I would take it
from a from a different perspective
where
if you if you're going to do a biblical
study for example on the word church
All right? That the word church first
shows up in the book of Deuteronomy.
In the book of Deuteronomy chapter nine.
In the Greek version of the Torah,
the word church shows up in Deuteronomy.
All right, this is the Torah. The Torah
is talking about a church.
In the context of the Torah, what is the
church? It is
a group of ethnic Israelites
and non-ethnic Israelites together
>> [music]
>> entering into a covenant with God. Okay,
when God
took the Israelites out of Egypt,
right? Passover, the death of the lamb,
blood over the doorpost, the angel of
death passes over everyone who had the
blood over their doorpost.
It says when they left Egypt, it wasn't
just the Israelites that left Egypt.
There was a mixed multitude that left
with them. All right, there were people
from other nations
that left with the Israelites.
Now, all those people,
some of them were
physical Israelites, others were not.
They all stood at the foot of Mount
Sinai, and they entered into a covenant
with God.
And those people entering into that
covenant
was called the church.
All right?
And so,
in my opinion, my view,
what we have in the New Testament,
what really begins in Acts chapter 2,
is you have the expanding of
the kingdom of God rapidly to the other
nations. So, now other nations are being
now grafted into,
they're being brought into the covenants
that God made
with Israel back in the Torah.
And so, if you're a non-
Israelite believer in Jesus,
>> [music]
>> you're being grafted into something that
existed long before
the New Testament.
Right? So, that's my that's my view on
it.
It's a little bit outside the
It's a little bit outside of the realm
of this channel, but um
Now,
like I said, I have
I have a lot of content on this on my
Bible channel, all right?
Have I gone down the little season
conspiracy hole? I have. And um
here's what I honestly [music] think
about it.
I have always been a believer in a late
authorship of Revelation. So, I've
always believed that Revelation was
written after
the destruction of the temple.
And because I hold to that view of the
late authorship of Revelation,
if from that framework, it's
inconsistent with the little season
because
if Revelation was written after 70 AD,
uh then that would make the little
season theory
non-workable. Now,
I don't I don't claim to be right about
the authorship date of Revelation. I
don't know for certain. Um
is it possible that we're in the little
season? It's possible.
The thing I like about the little season
eschatology is the fact that
I'm sorry. I'm going to lose people to a
whole bunch of random Christianese
language. Most people are not going to
know what I'm going to say. I'm sorry.
The thing I like about little season
eschatology is that
it fixes the issues with preterism and
it fixes the issues with futurism, all
right? There's some serious issues with
preterism.
And there's some serious There were some
issues with futurism, all right? There
are There are Bible verses that each
view
needs to interpret through their
framework in order to make it work,
>> [music]
>> all right?
And the little season fixes that,
all right?
Because it basically allows both to be
right. The preterists and the futurists
are both right.
Except
we're in that season now after, you
know, the the Satan's been released for
a short season, okay?
So,
I I I I can see why people would be It
is interesting, all right? It is very
interesting.
You know?
Yeah, I have a Bible channel. It's
called the Billy Casper Bible Channel.
All right?
Uh
It's amazing how many Christians are
Zionists.
Yeah, I don't think you should mix
politics and your faith in in Jesus. I I
really just don't. I I
you know, you Jesus said, "My kingdom is
not of this world." All right? [music]
So.
That's That's what he said. Now, here's
something else that is very true.
God made covenants with Israel. He made
covenants with the physical descendants
of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
>> [music]
>> All right? These covenants are
irrevocable. God has made promises to
them that he did not make to any other
nation.
And um
but here's the thing. [music]
Those Those covenants
are always going [snorts] to belong to
the physical descendants of Abraham,
Isaac, and Jacob.
But, just because you're a physical
descendant of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob
doesn't mean you're actually going to
realize the benefits of those covenants
if you reject God. And this is the clear
teaching of scripture from the Torah
to the New Testament. I mean, in the
Torah, God took a nation out of Egypt.
Only two people made it into the
promised land,
>> [music]
>> all right?
The kingdom under David, under [__]
and under all those kings, most of the
time most of them were disobedient, they
were in rebellion to God, and God judged
them for it.
The same is true today.
And God has always promised to preserve
a remnant
of those faithful
of the descendants of Abraham, Isaac,
and Jacob. And And And that promise and
those covenants are eternal. They are
irrevocable.
So, um
When am I going to stream on the Bible
channel? I don't know. I don't know.
>> [music]
>> At some point. I'm not sure.
Yeah, mixing politics and faith is a big
red flag and for sure. And [music]
honestly, nothing creeps me out more
than all this weird religious talk
that's been going on like
from the Trump regime regarding this war
in Iran. That's really creepy. I'm not
going to lie.
Um
but whatever. I I'm not a politics
channel. I'm not a religion channel.
That's why I made a Bible channel.
[music]
You know?
Um
That's why I made the Bible channel.
Do you just wrap on the Bible channel? I
don't know.
I don't know. But, here's one thing I do
know, guys. We've been live for a while.
And I I think I need to head out. But,
if you want if you want if you want
stuff all right.
If you want Bible stuff, check out this
all right
channel. The Billy Carson Bible channel.
Post the link in here. All right.
I've got a lot of videos on here.
All right.
I'll post the link in here.
All right, I've got a lot of videos. I
got one on Yom Teruah. All right, this
is one of the biblical feasts.
I've got one on Shavuot, another
biblical feast.
I've got one on Noah's Ark.
I got one on the
binding of Isaac.
And uh I got one on
the Torah portion Vayigash, one of my
prob-
one of my favorite Torah portions in
the book of Genesis. It's really hard
for me to say I have a favorite Torah
portion, honestly.
Check it out if you want more
of my random Bible talkings, all right?
This is the channel for that.
Anyway,
I got to head out. God bless you guys. I
love you guys.
Peace.